Welcoming Host
Well Liked
A well-liked Sim not only has many acquaintances but a close confidant--a best friend.
Stand-up Start-up
New in Town
Neighborly Advisor
Practical Joker
The Curator
Angling Ace
Freelance Botanist
Treasure Hunter
Reel Smart
Nature Nurturer
Gatherer
Hooked
Garden Variety
Fish out of Water
Naturewalker
Out and About
Serial Romantic
Soulmate
Romance Juggler
Love Handler
Up to Date
Marriage Material
Amore Amateur
Nerd Brain
Computer Whiz
Renaissance Sim
Rocket Scientist
Computer Geek
Pantologist
Erudite
Technically Adept
Jack of Some Trades
Prudent Student
With the Program
Gouda Greenhorn
Grilled Cheese!
Muenster Maniac
Cheddar Connoisseur
Mansion Baron
Fabulously Wealthy
Home Renovator
The Great Landscaper
Well-off
Estate of the Art
Learning Earning
Going for Not Broke
Master Chef
Master Mixologist
Culinary Artist
Beverage Boss
Captain Cook
Electric Mixer
Aluminum Chef
Bar Tenderfoot
Bodybuilder
Fit to a T
Exercise Demon
Basic Trainer
Big Happy Family
Successful Lineage
Loving Guardian
Trusted Mentor
Caregiver
Readily a Parent
Sticky Fingers
Chief of Mischief
Public Enemy
Professional Prankster
Criminal Mind
Artful Trickster
Neighborhood Nuisance
Mostly Harmless
Musical Genius
Bestselling Author
Painter Extraordinaire
Novelest Novelist
Brushing with Greatness
Harmonious
Competent Wordsmith
Fine Artist
Fine Tuned
Tone-Deaf
Fledge-linguist
Ill at Easel
Social Butterfly
Popular Kid
Chatterbox
Rambunctious Scamp
Agile Developer
You have started the You and Your Phone Discovery Quest, where you'll learn about the Phone menu and the many different ways it is used. Complete this Discovery Quest to earn Simoleons!\n\nAlready know about the Phone? You can always cancel this Discovery Quest with the trashcan icon or turn off Discovery Quests in the Options Menu under Tutorials &amp; Tips.
You have started the Lifelong Aspirations Discovery Quest, where you'll learn about Aspirations and earning Satisfaction points. Complete this Discovery Quest to earn Satisfaction Points!\n\nAlready know how to achieve your Aspirations? You can always cancel this Discovery Quest with the trashcan icon or turn off Discovery Quests in the Options Menu under Tutorials &amp; Tips.
You have started the Skillful Sims Discovery Quest, where you'll learn about the different kinds of Skills and how your Sim can improve by leveling them up. Complete this Discovery Quest to earn special Potions!\n\nAlready know about Skills? You can always cancel this Discovery Quest with the trashcan icon or turn off Discovery Quests in the Options Menu under Tutorials &amp; Tips.
You have started the Scoring Simoleons Discovery Quest, where you'll learn how to get a job and make Simoleons. Complete this Discovery Quest to earn extra Simoleons!\n\nAlready know how to make Simoleons? You can always cancel this Discovery Quest with the trashcan icon or turn off Discovery Quests in the Options Menu under Tutorials &amp; Tips.
You have started the Navigating Needs Discovery Quest, where you'll learn about your Sim's Needs and how to take care of them. Complete this Discovery Quest to earn special Potions!\n\nAlready know how to take care of your Sims? You can always cancel this Discovery Quest with the trashcan icon or turn off Discovery Quests in the Options Menu under Tutorials &amp; Tips.
You have started the Always on the Move Discovery Quest, where you'll learn how to travel and meet new Sims in the world. Complete this Discovery Quest to earn special Potions!\n\nAlready know how to get around? You can always cancel this Discovery Quest with the trashcan icon or turn off Discovery Quests in the Options Menu under Tutorials &amp; Tips.
Discovery Quest Ended Early
You ended the Discovery Quest early and didn't get the reward.\n\nNo worries! You can always reset Discovery Quests in the Game Options menu.