Ladies’ Perfume
Smell as beautiful as you look-or better!
Modernist Paper Towel Dispenser
If you desire a paper towel dispenser with severe yet functional style, look no further.
Always Polished Nail Polish
Brush up your look every day with this fanciful array of nail color. Or just leave them around to brighten your house.
Pro-Quality Knife Block Set
Every self-respecting cook must have one.
Gnome Matter What, I’m Still Your Baby
He may have the classic gnome beard, but this cute little guy will always be your darling. Look at him reaching for your indulgent face, as if to say, “Up! Carry Me!” But you know he’s better off right in your garden, where he can warm your heart forever.
Happy Gnome Garden Pal
This spritely fellow is sure to make you smile. And with special all-season paint, you can spread cheer all year!
There’s No Place like Gnome
Add a little whimsy-and protection-to your garden with this charming fellow. A veritable sentinel for birds and squirrels, he takes his duties seriously.
Florist’s Dream Starter Kit
A practical collection of basic tools, to show you really do get your hands dirty. Or at least, your gloves.
Florist’s Dream Antiqued Essentials
There’s nothing you love more than puttering around your garden, so show it! These garden essentials come with rust and soil already caked on, for that I-really-dig-gardening effect.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Secret Agent career while in the Villain branch.
Unlocks this item by reaching level 10 of the secret agent career while in the villain branch.
Commemorative Freeze Ray 
Commemorate your early villainous inventions, whether they existed or not. Enclosed in indestructible safety glass, to ensure that mysterious enemies can’t use it against you. 
Florist’s Dream Watering Can
Your garden is so robust, those naughty flowers grow everywhere! Look-even your watering can is bursting with gorgeous blooms.
Florist’s Dream Gardening Tools
Show off your green thumb with this handy basket and tool set-painted with bright flowers that are nearly as cheerful as your own.  
Condiment Basket
Dining in? Transform your kitchen into a full-service restaurant with this fanciful condiment kit, complete with customizable menu!
Men’s Cologne
Why rely on natural pheromones? Trigger animal attraction every time with an arsenal of killer cologne.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Tech Guru career while in the eSport Gamer branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Tech Guru career while in the Gamer branch.
Stack of CDs
Remember when you used to need these to listen to music? You do? Then you’re definitely old enough to have these lying around.
Caress Scented Candles
Create an air of romance with these vanilla-scented candles. Wonderful for an evening with that special someone, or a bubble bath you, yourself, and you.
Hotel Folded Bath Towels
Give your home the feel of a five-star hotel with folded bath towels at the ready. The ultimate escape whenever you need it!
Happy Teeth Toothbrush Set
Keep smiles shiny and bright with Happy Teeth brushes and toothpaste. Comes with a tidy holder for accentuated hygiene.
Lucky Man Folded Laundry
Nothing smacks of domestic bliss like the scent of freshly folded laundry. Leave a few stacks lying around to get credit for all you do.
Just for Me Bath Basket 
Keep everything you need at your fingertips-and away from everyone else’s. An elegant way to say “MINE” without saying anything.
The Endurn
The elegant simplicity of this urn is deceptive. Peek inside and discover the subtle scars of time, hints of a furtive past that is so utterly heartbreaking, you’ll want to fill its depths with tears. Now wait. Pause a moment and contemplate your life. Doesn't it seem marvelous?
Grandmother’s Urn
Place your loved ones to rest in total dignity, or just pretend you did. One of the most delightful qualities of this pretty little urn is the lid. What could be concealed inside? You’ll cherish the mystery.
Antique Urn
This massive stone urn will add architectural drama to any patio or garden space. Hand-chipped and smashed for added interest and texture, the Antique Urn’s beauty is so astonishing, so stoic, you’ll long to curl up beside it and hear its darkest secrets.
Country Cockerel
Rest your eyes on this vintage Country Cockerel and you’ll be riveted. Captured mid-crow, this hand-painted centerpiece brings the liveliness of farmyard courtship right into your home and plops it on top of your dining room table! Adore it. Coo over it. Then dig right in.
Cock’s Crow Table Accent
Proud, graceful and perfectly proportioned, this exquisite ceramic rooster is sure to satisfy the most discerning taste. Go ahead. Give him a little pat. He’ll have you, and your entire gathering, crowing with delight.
Pretty as a Pitcher
Give your wooden spoons a beautiful place to rest. Smooth and inviting, with admirable curves, this glossy pitcher is so lovely, you can’t help but caress its shimmering sides. Cradle its roundness, trace your finger around its rim, then listen as your spoons hit home with a truly pleasing smack.
Caress Pitcher
Brighten your kitchen with this rustic ceramic pitcher. With a firm, lovely handle and open mouth, this hunk of clay is ever eager to hold more. Bring on the whisk, the baster, a whole battalion of wooden spoons. It welcomes all with the utmost cheer.
Porc du Jour
Enlist the services of a charming personal chef. Jolly, pink and generously proportioned, this friendly companion has an appetite for finer morsels. Indulge him by writing on his ready little slab. Then wipe it clean and start afresh, for another day full of delights.
Porkelain Pal
This pudgy little porker is a cheery and impish addition to any home. One glimpse into his mischievous eyes and you know he’s thinking naughty thoughts. Whatever could be passing through that piggish little brain? Let’s play a guessing game!
Mother Hen
Nothing says farm-fresh décor like this adorable wicker basket! Woven in the exact shape of its créateur’s favorite hen, this lively little biddy looks as if she might hop up and start pecking crumbs right off your bar or table. Fill her with flowers, warm buns or anything else you desire.
The Definitive
Just like flames, we are born into this world, we grow, we dance, and eventually we disappear in a curl of sharp-smelling smoke. Set fire to The Definitive, by Reclamation Homeware, and add your light to the world.
Womannequin 
The female form has long been the subject of fine art, but this simple silhouette is a more modern (and dare we say fun?) take on the classic.
“Icon” Fine Art Sculpture
Like the grand sculptures of yesteryear, this modern art piece is one of many celebrating the significance of contemporary landmarks. (Plastic knockoffs available at the airport for just a trifle less.)
“Stout” Artistic Teapot Sculpture
The epitome of the anti-functional art movement, this country-style teapot has been sealed shut with rubber cement and transformed into “mere” art. 
“Skewered” Sculpture, Aftermath Series
A brutal depiction of the battle over the very last campfire marshmallow.
“Ripped” Sculpture, Aftermath Series
A raw interpretation of what happens when you microwave your s’more.
For the Love of Llamas
This sweet llama statue adds charm to any hearth or sideboard. Adopt just one or create a family to showcase your domestic bliss.
“Brick,” a Sculpture
A somber study of the walls people build, and the games we play.
Study of a Star
Stars are emblems of hope-glistening wishes, distant dreams. Modern artist Maya Braine challenges our preconceptions with this rock-solid sculpture.
Le Courtier
At once traditional and avant-garde, this strikingly contemporary bust commemorates the grand courts of old. Pay tribute to past and present with the unparalleled Le Courtier.
Country Companion
Add a touch of whimsy to your home with this ceramic bunny statue. This delightful little fellow can always be trusted not to eat your vegetables. 
Believe it or not, this priceless bowl is the result of a lucky accident. Lulled by the hum of the potter’s wheel, the artist nodded off and dropped the bowl, causing the distinctive divot along one edge. Amazed at the effect, the potter tried to replicate it, but to this day has never achieved such a delightfully perfect flaw.
Infinite Interpretations
This magnificent blob of clay is ripe for your imaginative projections. It will be whatever you want it to be, or at least a reasonable likeness.
Ladybug Buddy
Your baby will go buggy for this precious ladybug statuette, even though the statuette is terrified of your baby.
Bunny Buddy
Designed to look like fragile porcelain, this little critter is actually built tough from kid-safe synthetics to withstand bumps, bangs, scratches, tornadoes, fire, and packs of wild wolves.
The Note Book
For bullet journalling, doodling, drawing, writing, plotting, and many other things. The Note Book, is the book for all notes, all the book you would only need.
Robo, The Friendly Circuitry Kit
Is he a festive lawn ornament, or a fierce and hard-bitten snow pugilist? Did artist Holly Daze intend for his mittens to be particularly evocative of boxing gloves? You decide!
Comfy Blankets Quilt Stand
Whether you're storing blankets for a chilly night, showing off your latest knitting pattern, or keeping heirloom quilts on display, the Comfy Blankets Quilt Stand is built to support your thickest blanket and bring an extra level of coziness to any comfy space.
Tools of Fire