Selecting Move House will set the floor to the maximum floor level in order to see your entire structure.\n\nDe-selecting the tool will return you to your previously selected floor level.
Click the Move House tool to move an entire structure to a new location on the lot.
Click to learn more about Move Whole House.
Wall Tool
Select the Wall Tool and click to begin drawing a wall. Click again to complete the action.\n\nIf you draw an enclosed space with the Wall Tool, it will turn into a room with a floor. You can convert a wall into a room by selecting the wall and dragging the side arrows.\n\nNote: Hit [Esc] to cancel any in progress Build action, such as drawing a wall.
Click on the Rooms and Walls catalog and choose the Empty Rooms sort to find the Wall Tool. Use the Wall Tool to draw individual walls. The cost for placement is attached to the top of the Wall Tool as you drag.\n\nNote: There is also a Room Tool that you can use to draw custom rooms.
When drawing walls, you may notice green and yellow highlights.\n\nGreen indicates the wall has passed through architecture that will be modified in some way.\n\nYellow indicates an object that will be moved to the Household Inventory, or sold.
While using the Wall Tool, you can hold the [shift] key to draw a rectangle instead of a single wall. You can also hold the [ctrl] key to destroy any wall it is drawn over.
Click to learn more about the Wall Tool.
Lot Traits
To apply Lot Traits, enter Build Mode and select the Lot Info Panel. You can view traits currently slotted, replace or remove any traits that aren't locked. 
Gold lightbulbs and pluses appear around Sims doing actions related to Lot Traits and Lot Challenges.\n\nHave fun playing with different combinations of these Traits and Challenges!
Lot Traits can be applied to all types of venues. Besides apartments and residences, you can apply traits to commercial venues as well. For example, you can make a Bar with Great Acoustics that is good for performers, since they gain skill faster!
Lot Traits are like Sim traits; they give personality to your lot or venue. Most of the traits are great for specific types of Sims and cater to their Skills. They also provide opportunities to tell your own stories.
Household Inventory
Household Inventory is only available in Build Mode for lots you own. Objects that you don't want to sell, that the game has moved for you, or in some cases that were delivered to you, can all end up in the Household Inventory.\n\nNote: You will get a quick notification when an item is added to the Household Inventory.
Similar objects added to the Household Inventory will create a stack. You can see how many a stack contains by the number next to the objects picture. Click on the number to expand the inventory to see the entire stack.
Some actions will cause objects to be moved into the Household Inventory. These objects will highlight yellow. Completing the action will move all of the yellow highlighted objects to the Household Inventory.\n\nYou can also place objects into the Household Inventory by picking them up and clicking Place in Inventory.
Click on the Household Inventory to open the catalog. Use the Function sort pop up and Filters to manage your view within the Household Inventory.\n\nNote: Search will not find objects in the Household Inventory.
Click to learn more about the Household Inventory.
Filter Panel
Filters can also be used to find all of the objects that have been unlocked. Select the Content Filter category, and choose Unlocks.
Turning on Build Mode Filters will find all objects that satisfy any of the Filter choices within the current catalog.\n\nTo remove a filter, click on the [x] for the one you wish to remove, or click the Clear All button to start over.
To pass Quality Assurance, each shirt had a tester mashing the buttons repeatedly for 48 hours. We are now confident that this shirt is bug free and will not freeze with excessive use.
Tiny Animal Golf Tee
Tiny Animal Golf Shirt
Biker Chick Chic Jacket
Inspiration for fashion can come from all kinds of places! Paired with leather pants, you've got a nice biker leather suit. Paired with a maxi skirt, you've got a hot trend. This biker jacket can be as literal or as interpretive as you like.
The Secret Keeper Zipup
Friends can't keep a secret nor keep their mouths shut? No worries! You can always keep your hoodie zipped up. Keep it all under cover with The Secret Keeper Zipup!
Halt! Who Goes There? Halter Top
The Lost Legacies Event
&lt;font color='#EC262E'&gt;Only available by attending Sims Sessions&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;font color='#EC262E'&gt;Only Available from Vendors at Sims Sessions&lt;/font&gt;
AHarris00Britney
The Basic Buttonup
This might be the most basic wardrobe purchase for your Sims. If your Sim loves versatility, then buy it, else don't.
Butterfly Camisole
Emerge from your style cocoon in a beautiful camisole! It lightly skims the body and is incredibly flattering.
Casual Bidness Short-sleeved Shirt
What-a-Cinch Top
Not sure what to wear today? Try the &quot;What-a-Cinch Top.&quot; It flatters all figures, gathering at the waist. You can dress it up or down but preferably not horizontally.
Fufi Fluffy Blouse
A Lady Pumpleton Original, this elegant top is made from the finest silk; a fabric that she genuinely loved. In fact she loved it so much, she and Sir Pumpalumps slept in a giant silk cocoon at night. Weird.
Mani
Genesis
Crys Ink
Young Park
Feline’s Fancy Pumps
These Feline’s Fancy Pumps are the perfect option for elevated footwear. With a heel that is only an inch and a half, they provide a nice little boost while still being completely comfortable to walk in! They’ll make you purr… or something.
Foot Stabilizer Diva Pumps
Toe over-hang is the worst! As you walk around in heels, your foot slides forward and before you know it your toes are draped over the front of the shoe! Eww! Not to worry though, we've provided a stylish and functional cross strap that keeps your foot in place and looking like a diva.
Just Clownin’ Clown Shoes
Get the happiest feet around with Just Clownin’ multi-color clown shoes. These puppies are so impossibly comfy and roomy, your feet will grin from toe to toe.
Easily Suede Slouch Boots
These boots are a work of art! They look great with more constructed outfits, but are also perfect for an easy day out with one of the more flowy silhouettes in your closet. Purchasing these boots should be a no-brainer. We hope you’ll be easily suede.
Pirate’s Booties
Neo-Pirate Fashion is all the rage! Elite fashion magazines like Bazarrrrgh point to ruffle shirts bursting out of corsets, giant feather hats, and faux shoulder parrots as this season’s inspiration. Don’t be the square pegleg! Make Pirate’s Booties a part of your warrrrrdrobe!
akalukery
peachyfaerie
Pouting Panda Hat
You wouldn’t smile if you were endangered. Why should your hat?
Ch-Ch-Chicken Hat
You may be afraid of a lot of things, but wearing a chicken on your head? Not one of them.
Un-Tiger Me Hat
Show your stripes, and unleash the tiger on you.
Moo-La-La Hat
Is that cow winking? Mais oui! She’s on your gorgeous head after all.
Earie Owl Hat
Some say this hat helps you see in the dark. But it’s the ears that have us wondering...
Dare to Bear It Hat
This darling hat looks just like a teddy bear. Unless it gets angry. Or hungry…
Can’t Help Lion Hat
Did you know you have a cat on your head? Aw, quit lion!
Mysterious Bowler Hat
Edgy Elegance Hair
Ever had the urge to have a different hair style every day? Ever wish there was a machine that would let you drastically change your hair at the push of a button? Sorry, that doesn’t exist. This hair style, however, provides two different styles depending on which way you turn your head; edgy one side, romantic on the other!
Time Travel Maxi Skirt
Even though time travel hasn't been invented yet, it doesn't mean you shouldn't be ready! Maxi skirts cover your ankles and provide beautiful movement when you walk. Whether traveling into the past, present, or future, you will be perfectly and appropriately dressed.
The Executive Mullet Skirt
At first glance, The Executive Mullet Skirt has simple tailoring  and detail, but one look at the back will reveal intricate piping and a little bit of &quot;whoo!&quot; This skirt is all business in the front, and all about fun in the back.
Pleats and Thank You Skirt
A pleated skirt is a versatile piece for anyone’s wardrobe. Paired with a tailored blouse it can look quite chic, while paired with an oversized kitten sweater it can provide a pleasantly hipster look. Either way, whatever look you may aspire to, this skirt is sure to pleats.
Senior Superlative Pants
These pants are made of super supple leather. The leather is cloned from cows that were voted by their classmates as &quot;Most likely to make a fantastic pair of leather pants.&quot;
Everyone's Yoga Pants
Delightful Denim by Con-jean-ial Inc.
These classic straight leg jeans are pleasant and agreeable to all figure types. If there was one word to describe them, it would be “delightful”. And also “accommodating.” Ooh, maybe even “egalitarian!”
Tailored Power Pants
Tailored Power Pants gently skim the body, drawing positive attention to curves, while vertical piping helps to elongate the legs! If that wasn't enough, each pair is infused with 5000 watts of energy before leaving our factory. Talk about power!
Off the Cuff Jeans
Life’s too short and frankly too busy to plan every last detail; that includes hemming your jeans. When someone asks if you want to go do something that you don’t really want to, look at them and point to your jeans. They’ll get the point. The pre-rolled Off the Cuff Jeans scream, “I’m just too busy.”
Slamma Jamma Pajama Pants-a
Pajamas are fun. You wear them at night! They're snuggly and comfy and such a delight. When you go to your dresser and think which ones to wear, choose the Slamma Jammas - the pajamas that care! Not literally though.
Public Service Announcement Pants
These sateen cigarette pants are absolutely fabulous! While we do support being fashionably fashionable at all times, we do not condone smoking either cigarettes or these pants.
Hot Diggity Dog Costume
Squeeze into a tight-fitting spandex body suit, then toss on a massive foam hot dog and bun. We guarantee, you’ll relish all the attention!
Grim Reaper Costume 
Be the life of the party by being-you guessed it-Death! Really, who could be more riveting, more unforgettable, more electrifying? Just step into the party and suck the air right out of the room.