Sulani Family Home
New England Mansion
Modern Oasis
Modern Island Mansion
Modern Desert Mansion
Modern Craftsman
Modern Christmas House
Mid Century Modern Home
Base Game Mega Mansion
Mediterranean Mansion
Tiki Retreat
The Nightclub
The Diner
Sunrise Starter
Summer Festival
Summer Beach Shack
Stone Essence
S.M.P.C.A Hospital
Slipshod Mesquite
Simster Clothing
Simerplex Cinema
Romantic Hills
Rock N' Rainbows
Retro House
Retro Future Starter
Retro Blue
Porter Estate
Dine at the bakery from The Sims 4 Get to Work Official Announce Trailer
Pet &amp; Toddler Starter 3b17K
Perfect Cottage
Oasis Gym Spa &amp; Relax
[Genesis] NightClub Vegas VIP
Newcrest Nightclub
Mountain Lodge
Modern Desert
Modern Contemp
Modern Celebrity Mansion
The Loft Steakhouse
L.A. Home
La Hacienda
Kimmis Seafood Restaurant
Infinity Modern Mansion
Super smart and determined, Camille is passionate about food and nutrition, and how it fuels people in living their best lives. Camille grew up in France, and often visits her relatives in Morocco. Her multicultural background, and passion for building connection through food, has helped inspire the unique flavors of her cuisine. Camille runs a cafe, and is always thinking about testing new recipes on her customers-turned-friends.
Fashion-forward. A bit cocky. A family man. Oh, and evil. Brent dreams of world-domination—preferably from his own private Island where he eats kalua barbecue and lives with his mum and the future Mrs. Hong. Though his love for Kierra Tilo is no secret, he's noticed she only has eyes for another. Will this development put a halt to his plans for world-domination or will the young villain find a way to preserver and build his evil empire?
Babs' time as a Mixologist was the perfect opportunity to meet—and date—a lot of interesting people that came into and out of her life. Ultimately, she fell completely in love with Ollie. After a picturesque wedding (and three beautiful children), she found herself wanting a new line of work away from the bar scene. Turns out, she's had a talent for writing pent up inside her this entire time. 
Some Sims have taken to avoiding Armand, as his snobbish attitude can rub others the wrong way. In reality, it's a public persona he's developed to hide his sensitive side. In the privacy of his home, he enjoys a good cry in the bathtub to put his emotions at ease. Whenever he's feeling down, he calls his bestie Amber Stein—it's impossible to feel gloomy around her!
Andre is a tough nut to crack. Anyone who works with him recognizes his genius, but his mood swings drive people away. He can go from silly, to embarrassed, to angry in a flash. When he's not staring at his computer screen, he tends to be hatching a mischievous scheme... but it's difficult for him to recognize when his pranks cross the line. Ultimately, it's cute, cuddly, innocent animals that he bonds best with.
Amber's a lovable goof who puts a smile on the face of anyone she encounters. As a self-professed comedian, she even manages to practice her set on occasion at local lounges. In fact, that's where she met Armand. There he was in the audience, in one of his moods, trying to get cheered up... There she was, telling bad jokes on the stage, and dancing awkwardly. They immediately hit it off, and have been best friends ever since!
Fashionista, social-climber, party-girl, secret genius. All of that outward materialism–it's mostly a persona. Aliya is exclusive when it comes to her private life and goals. Since she was a little girl, she's dreamed of becoming a Super Villain, hidden in plain view within the dazzling spotlight of Del Sol Valley. She has the brains to pull it off, but can she keep it a secret in such a high-stakes environment?
Created by The Sims™ 4 Community.
You are running low on available disk space and may encounter problems with your game under these conditions. Are you sure you want to launch the game?
Your video card was detected within our Database but does not meet the minimum requirements for The Sims 4.  Should you continue to play you may encounter poor performance and issues with the software.
Your video card is not recognized in our database. We have optimized your graphics settings for improved performance. These changes will take effect after you restart the game. If you experience performance issues, you may need to adjust the settings manually.
The EA app is currently not running. Please make sure that the EA app is running before attempting to play The Sims™ 4.
Can't run over Remote Desktop with this version of Windows because no 3D accelerated graphics support is available.
Can't run The Sims 4 with the video card in this system. Please check that the video card meets the minimum specifications and that the latest video drivers are installed.
There was an error processing the startup configuration script.
There was a problem initializing your Video Card.  Please try launching The Sims 4 again.&#xD;&#xA;
The Sims™ 4 is already running.
The Sims™ 4 Legacy Edition
The Sims™ 4 Create A Sim Demo
The Sims™ 4
The Sims™ 4 - Startup Error
Recorded Videos
The Sims 4 Legacy Edition
The Sims 4 BETA
The Sims 4 Create A Sim Demo
The Sims 4
The contents of your user data directory were created by a newer version of The Sims 4 and cannot be loaded. Please update your game to play.
Incompatible versions of The Sims 4 user data were detected and cannot be migrated to Legacy Edition. The Sims 4 Legacy Edition will continue with new data. Visit help.ea.com for more information.
There is insufficient disk space to copy your user data directory to the Legacy Edition. The Sims 4 Legacy Edition will continue with new data. Visit help.ea.com for more information.
Unable to migrate the user data directory to Legacy Edition. The Sims 4 Legacy Edition will continue with new data. Visit help.ea.com for more information.
Hardware does not support running The Sims 4.
The locale selected on the command line with the -l switch is not supported.
Have {1.Number} Married Sims
Gain {1.Money}
Craft {1.Number} Drinks
Wealth &amp; Collecting
Test
Sim Feats
Relationships
Player Feats
Careers
BUG ME!! Growing Together opt out warning
Missing Packs Selected
Your missing Packs are pre-selected. Confirm to enable them.
This Pack is not available.
Pack Selection Success!
Pack Selection was applied.
Sell this Residential Rental?
Sell this Residential Rental for {0.Money}? The {1.String} household will no longer be the Property Owner household. If they currently live in one of the units, they will be considered a normal Tenant household upon sale.
In this household, there is one or more Sims in the Noble Career. As they are moving to a new Kingdom, they will be demoted by one career level, unless at level 1. Any Sims Promised to Inherit will also lose their claim, and will need to be re-promised in their new Kingdom. 
In this household, there are one or more Sims in the Noble Career. Evicting these Sims means they will receive a career demotion by one rank, unless they are level 1.
Error While Syncing Data with Server
OK
Active Event Quests will be cleared and reset to the last known progression point.
The Event is Over
{0.Number}m {1.Number}s
Event ends in
{0.Number}h {1.Number}m