This plush rug from Kindermade is sure to keep your child entertained with colorful animal shapes.
Happy Family Rug
Set a positive example for your infant with a beautiful tableau of happy animal families, and then walk all over it. That’s what family’s really about.  
Hiwe Area Rug
Create a foundation for your space with the skillfully woven Hiwe Area Rug. Its modern design and warm colors bring your space together with a touch of history and tradition. Crafted using time-honored techniques, it adds character and comfort to any room.
Kindermade Cute Area Rug
What's the least cute part of the nursery? The floor, of course. Kindermade is here to make sure everything, down to the rug on the floor, is absolutely adorable. Your family deserves the best, after all!
Replica Rangoli Design in Pastels
Accented by vibrant floral pastels, the two patterns found within this rangoli replica were inspired by nature.
Replica Rangoli Design in Spirals
A spiral pattern meant to remind one of the familiar mix of colorful sands and powders found in traditional rangoli designs.
Replica Rangoli Design in Florals
If a traditional floral pattern is what you are after, be sure to try out the five designs found within this rangoli replica. Add the Rangoli Ground Candles for the perfect visual combination.
Colored Theory
Everywhere the light intersects is a new color. Now comes the fun of talking about the differences between additive and subtractive color mixing. Does the rug count as Pink, Purple, or Magenta? And don't get us started on what is considered Mint...
Classic Brick Fireplace Surround
This brick surround slots right under your stately fireplace, protecting the flooring around it and giving the space a finished look!
Festive Feeling Welcome Mat
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Cozy Celebrations Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nNothing prepares your guests for the Cozy Celebrations like the Festive Feeling Welcome Mat. Just make sure your guests use it before entering, no one likes cleaning muddy footprints.
Baby's First Rug
Infants love their floor time, and they love shapes and colors. Give your Infant plenty to be excited about Baby's First Rug. It's the perfect backdrop for many cute photos of your little angel!
Baby's First Rug
Infants love their floor time, and they love shapes and colors. Give your infant plenty to be excited about with Baby's First Rug. It's the perfect backdrop for many cute photos of your little angel!
Unlocked at level 5 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Unlock by reaching level 5 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
No Sweat, No Fuss Rug
Perfect for a workout but stylish enough for any part of your home. This rug will let you enjoy your floor activities in casual comfort. Comes in multiple colors!
Tiny Terrapin Floor Decal
Add a touch of nature with the Tiny Terrapin! This decal will liven up the bottom of your pool, fountain and/or even your floor. Also available in multiple colors.
Kolossal Klassical Mosaic Tile Decal
Klassical Mosaic Tile Decal
Make it klassy! Apply this decal to your pool, fountain and/or floor to add depth and dimension.
Terrific Terrapin Decal
Add a touch of nature with the Terrific Terrapin! This decal will liven up the bottom of your pool, fountain and/or even your floor. Also available in multiple colors.
Old Tyme Roof Vent
Things used to be made better. This is one of them.
Too Hot to Not Roof Vent
Save on energy bills and prevent rot with a quality rooftop ventilation system.
rockToss_bm
rockToss_bm
Desert Rock Formation
This rare formation of rocks is only found in the desert.
Rock Formation
I wonder how old these rocks are?
Formation of Rocks
Rocks make the world more lively and beautiful.
Gleaming Pearlescent Space Rock
A very pretty space rock that somehow found itself here.
Fluorescent Cyan Space Rock
A glowy, oddly enchanting space rock that mesmerizes and bewilders.
A Typical Space Rock
Like many others who have come before it, this space rock knows not the unique pleasure of being unlike another.
Edge of Cliff Rocks
These rocks are found on the edge of a cliff.
Small Boulder
Even a small boulder is awfully large.
Medium Boulder
This boulder is neither big, nor small.
Large Boulder
A boulder too big for a Sim to move.
Desert Rock
This lovely rock is found in warm, dry locales.
A Large Desert Boulder
This boulder once had many friends. Now it has been deserted.
Desert Behemoth
A massive rock that dominates the landscape.
Oversized Desert Rock
This rock is huge!
Yet Another Large Desert Boulder
This large boulder is silently waiting. Silently.
Desert Boulder
A boulder found only in the desert.
Large Desert Rock
A very large rock found in the desert.
Large Desert Boulder
This desert boulder has never enjoyed the bustle of living in the city. It considers itself more of a country rock.
Large Sandstone Rock
Out of shear necessity, a larger rock split in half to form this slightly smaller rock.
A Cozy Boulder
This boulder sits comfortably.
Known for being delicious. If these were food, one bite and you'd be smiling all day. While enduring severe stomach cramps.
Appleblossom - Square
Known for being delicious. If these were food, one bite and you'd be smiling all day. While enduring severe stomach cramps.
Passion’s Kiss
Fall head over heels for these enchanting blossoms, and enjoy a lifetime of love, with a plant.
Appleblossom - Curved
Known for being delicious. If these were food, one bite and you'd be smiling all day. While enduring severe stomach cramps.
Cosmic Aster-Nots
Often confused with a common aster, these stellar blooms are clearly... aster nots.
Proud Pansies
These flowers are proud of their own petals and will bring honor to your garden.
Helenium - Triangle
This flower's excessively positive attitude often irritates neighbors. It's surprisingly easy to have too much of a good thing.
Helenium - Square
This flower's excessively positive attitude often irritates neighbors. It's surprisingly easy to have too much of a good thing.
Helenium - Curved
This flower's excessively positive attitude often irritates neighbors. It's surprisingly easy to have too much of a good thing.
Hedera Canariensis - Triangle
Known for its razor-sharp teeth and voracious appetite, the hedera canariensis is as deadly as it is green. Luckily, this version has been neutered into a harmless plant for landscaping your home.
Hedera Canariensis - Square