Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Tuvalu
Turkmenistan
Turkey
Tunisia
Trinidad and Tobago
Tonga
Tokelau
Togo
Timor-Leste
Thailand
Select an outfit style for this role. Sims will prefer to wear outfits that match the chosen dress code and/or color theme.
Set no specific outfit for this role. Sims will default to their default clothing.
If selected will use the outfit settings specified by the preset.
Inherit from Preset
Dress Code
Custom outfits must be set from the &lt;b&gt;Current Roles&lt;/b&gt; panel. Select a Sim portrait there, then under &lt;b&gt;Details&lt;/b&gt; select &lt;b&gt;Customize Role Outfit&lt;/b&gt; to enter Create a Sim.
Specify one or more unique outfits for Sims to wear.  Can specify outfits in multiple categories that they will wear as appropriate.
Category
Select the outfit category assigned to this role. Sims will prefer to wear outfits from the chosen category during scheduled times.
The IGO is not available on this platform.
In-Game Overlay has been disabled in the external application. Go to Application Settings to enable this feature.
Don’t you want the latest and greatest?\n\nPlease update the EA app to check out what’s new in the store!
Revert unsaved changes to this set of options
Revert Changes
This will restore the default settings across all options
This will restore the default values for all settings. Continue?&#xD;&#xA;
Restore Defaults
Some of the changes you've selected require the game to be restarted to take effect.
The game needs to be restarted for this change to take effect.
There are pending changes, would you like to commit them?
Unable to save display mode options, changes will be reverted to previous settings.
Reverting to previous display settings in {0.Number} {S0.second}{P0.seconds}.
Revert
Do you want to keep these display settings?
Keep Changes
Apply changes to this set of options
Apply Changes
If checked, Werewolf Sims outside of the Active Household will not appear autonomously in Beast Form in Worlds other than Moonwood Mill. Certain player-directed actions, such as Werewolf Brawls, will still cause Werewolf Sims to transform.\n\nThis change will not be applied to Werewolf Sims that are currently spawned until after the next load.
Enabling this option means you will not see Werewolf Sims in their Beast Form outside of Moonwood Mill, except through player action.
Limit Werewolves to Moonwood Mill
Visual Effects Director
Reset
Reset Discovery Quests:
Resetting Discovery Quests restores all Discovery Quests to their original state. Rewards will not be given for any previously completed Discovery Quests.
Reset
Reset Tips
Do you also want to reset the pack specific onboarding prompts?
Reset Tips and Pack Onboarding Prompts
Just Reset Tips
Reset Guidance System:
Resetting the Guidance System will restore all tutorials to their original unseen state.
Discovery Quests
Active Pack for Advanced Guidance:
Adventure Awaits
For Rent
Select which pack you would like to view Advanced Guidance System for.
Base Game
Tutorial
Enable Discovery Quests:
Disabling the Discovery Quests system means that you will not be given tutorial quest scenarios.
Enable Help Center Icon &amp; Controls Legend:
Disabling this will remove the Help Center from the UI and hide the Controls Legend.
Enable Guidance System:
Disabling the Guidance System means that Emily will not automatically appear to guide you in Create a Sim, World and Lot select, Live mode, and Build mode.
Enable Pack Guidance System:
Disabling the Advanced Guidance System means you will not view any pack specific onboarding tips.
Enable Thundersnowstorms:
Enables Thundersnowstorms
Seasons &quot;Snow Options&quot; must be set to allow snow to experience Snowy Escape's weather conditions.
Enable Icy Conditions:
Enable Icy Conditions
Enables Snow.
Enable Snow:
If enabled, Small Business Dilemma chance cards can trigger, which can only happen while the Small Business is running.
If disabled, Small Business Dilemma chance cards will no longer have a chance to trigger while the Small Business is running.
Enable Small Business Dilemmas
Enables positive and negative effects of temperature affecting Sims.
Enable Temperature Effects On Sims:
Enable or disable snow and blizzards. It'll take a few moments for your changes to take effect.
Snow Options:
Warning: Changing the season length will move the calendar position of holidays and events.
Season Length:
Enable or disable rain and thunderstorms. It'll take a few moments for your changes to take effect.
Rain Options:
Snow and Blizzards
Snow
Rain and Thunderstorms
Rain
None
28 Days
7 Days
14 Days
Could not find folder
Pack Settings
View Custom Content
Log out of Twitter
Log in to Twitter
Share Usage Data: