Sculpted from reclaimed industrial piping, this towel holder brooks no dissent. None. You will permit it to hold your bath linens and you will like it.
Three Framed Skeleton Keys
What arcane doors might these keys unlock? Perhaps it is safer never to know.
RAW Oversized Fork and Spoon
Nothing says &quot;Eat up!&quot; like an oversized fork and spoon.
In Session Novelty Chalkboard
This chalkboard is great for leaving notes and jotting down recipes, but mostly just adding a homey element to a kitchen in which you usually eat pizza you had delivered.
Holds a single toilet paper roll with both efficiency and aplomb.
Pictures, Pictures on the Wall
A smattering of photos, motivational posters, and other mementos haphazardly tacked up on the wall.
Shelf Storage Unit with Hangers
Hang your dress clothes on the handy mounted bar and stash your accessories on the accommodating shelf above.
Yet Another Wall-Mounted Coat Rack With Shelf
Still another tidy little space-saver with a shelf up top and a coat rack underneath.
Wall-Mounted Garden Hose Reel
Now your hose will never be mistaken for a garden snake again.
Another Wall-Mounted Coat Rack With Shelf
Another tidy little space-saver with a shelf up top and a coat rack underneath.
Wall-Mounted Coat Rack With Shelf
A tidy little space-saver with a shelf up top and a coat rack underneath.
Large Cork Board
A large bulletin board suitable for pinning coupons, flyers, and report cards for easy display.
Row of Coat Hooks
Mount this elegantly understated coat rack to keep jackets off the floor.
Chalkboard Menu
Head all &quot;What's for dinner?&quot; queries off at the pass with this large illustrated chalkboard menu.
Towel Storage Rack, Empty
This simple metal towel rack waits humbly to cradle  your carefully curated bath linen collection.
Towel Storage Rack, Full
This simple metal towel rack comes pre-stocked with unprepossessing white bath towels suitable for all your shower and bath needs.
BathBuddy Shower Caddy
A wall-mounted shower caddy generously sized to accommodate all your shampoos, conditioners, body washes, moisturizers, gels, oils, soaks, salts, polishes, creams, and scrubs, you product fiend you.
Shelly's Shells Towel Ring
A shiny reminder of a day at the beach in your very own WC.
Brash Tacks Towel Rack
This splashy towel rack just loves to be admired. Cover it demurely with your plushest towels, but leave the dashing brackets bare to the adoring eye. 
Sunny Days Wall Décor
This wall hanging is guaranteed to bring a little sunshine to your wall--and your day.
Apple of Your Eye
Kindle appetites all around with the scarlet appeal of autumn apples. Hand-painted on actual reclaimed crate wood, this cheery vintage art is as tasty as it is tasteful. With round, rosy fruit kissed by summer’s dew, you’ll have everyone cooing come fall, “How about them apples?”
Orange Squeeze
What better way to juice up your walls than with this vintage crate art? Feel the sunshine pouring over you like melted butter, imagine the sweet scent of the fragile blossoms and savor the tender fruit dissolving in your mouth. One look and your guests will be instantly transported!
Wish in a Dish
You’ll love dressing up your home with this dainty delight. Each flirty, floral, and fabulously feminine dish is gently nestled in wicked hooks of metal. Intricately designed, with wistful peaks and many naughty embellishments, nothing caters better to true domestic fantasy.
Pink Pig Copper Mold
There's nothing like a gelatin casserole in the shape of one of our porcine friends. In the meantime, this makes your kitchen look homey.
Copper Cow Mold
Immortalize Bessie the next time you whip up an ambrosia salad with this lovely classic kitchen decoration.
Countryside Caress Medicine Cabinet
Expose your most intimate belongings in this antiqued medicine cabinet. Three tidy shelves cradle the secrets to your beauty, while glass double doors allow visitors a looky-loo.
The Zenith
This towel rack is the pinnacle of everything we have achieved at Reclamation Homeware. We nearly retired from our art when we saw it, convinced as we were that its design could never be surpassed. Yet the heart may not always listen to what the brain claims to know. We forge ahead!
Robe of the Believer Wall Hook
Shower safe with this acid-proof bathrobe hook! Never worry about the space squid again!
Pinbacker Wall Art
Ever wish you could bathe in the sun's light mere miles from its firey surface? Now you can, with this reflective wall installation!
Pride Rocks! Collage
Make a statement and remember a good time with your new wall collage. A festive flag, souvenir posters, and choice photographs show off warm memories from your time at Pride!
Knitted Pride Flag
Show your Pride and your support for small businesses with this handmade knitted Pride flag! Whether it's from a local festival or your favorite Plopsy account, you know it's made well and with love by a fellow member of your community.
Colorfully Eclectic Wall Gallery
Show off your artistic taste with a collection of creative prints, chosen carefully with your identity's color combination in mind.
Unswitchable Switch
I recall the first time I tried to switch the Unswitchable Switch... three hours in a pitch black room, the screaming just kept getting louder and louder, and it wasn’t until dawn when the light seeped in through the window that I was finally able to stop myself.
'Tis the Big Bow Season
This is the real thing! The archetype of all wall ribbons! Stare at it and rejoice that you finally found it! Spruce up your rooms with a classic ribbon to add that holiday je-ne-sais-quoi to the walls of your home. It will make your house merrier and your guests happier. It’s the holiday season spirit in one item!
Apron on the Wall
Apron, apron on the wall… Who’s the best Sim cook of them all? No, not Freddy the pizza dude…. We are talking about haute cuisine, delicious foods and kitchen-gear. For what is a kitchen without an apron hanging on the wall? It looks empty, abandoned, forsaken. The apron embraces the contingency of cooking. Like a coat of armor for the proud chef, it’s displayed on the wall to bear testimony to a life of cooking and its potentially nasty side effects on clothes. It’s also one of the best decorations for your kitchen walls.
Retro-Deco Wall Phone
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThe Retro-Deco Wall Phone is part of a two piece throw back set to when wireless meant stay near the phone base, phone screening was just in its infancy, and random Sims were calling to find out if your refrigerator was running.\n\nRelive those early days of carefree disconnection with the Retro-Deco Wall Phone.
Pride Flag - Sexual Orientation
The toy of a child's dreams! This caboose is part of a larger train set--complete with working wheels and doors!
Train Set - Coal Car
The toy of a child's dreams! This coal cart is part of a larger train set--complete with working wheels!
Train Set - Passenger Car
The toy of a child's dreams! This passenger car is part of a larger train set--complete with working wheels and doors!
Train Set - Cargo Car
The toy of a child's dreams! This cargo car is part of a larger train set--complete with working wheels and doors!
Train Set - Engine Car
The toy of a child's dreams! This engine car is part of a larger train set--complete with working wheels and doors!
Jolly Trolley Antique Replica
This realistically detailed trolley is every hobbyist’s dream! Working doors, turning wheels, and an accurately molded body are always geared up for a ride down memory lane.
River Queen Paddlewheel Boat
Paddle down a river of nostalgia for the grand old days when these boats reigned. The River Queen is decked out in intricate detail with authentic woodwork, gleaming brass and indentured servants.
Pre-assembled Model Sports Car
Turn any space into a showroom for one of the fastest, most fun cars ever made. Built to scale from metal and plastic and varnished in classic canary yellow. 
Antique Canal Boat
Set your dreams adrift with this antique wooden canal boat, refurbished with lead-free green and red paint!
Softy Brand Tissues
You never know what life has in store. With just one box of Softy tissues, you can be prepared for everything from allergy season to sappy movies to absolute heartbreak. Softy tissues-we’re here for you.
Pencil Holder 
Sharpen your study skills with a cup o’ pencils always at the ready.
School Binders and Bookend
Get an A+ in organization with color-coded binders and an adorable bunny bookend.
The Don’t Break Your Back-pack
Features reinforced seams, a padded base and ergonomic construction so all those books feel light as a feather. Small front zippered pocket has dedicated storage for pens, pencils, gum, and phone.
Ceramic Soap Dispenser
Why clutter the planet with plastic? Store your soap in this elegant dispenser that’s as smart as it is stylish.
“Tray” Chic Perfume Set
Keep your body scented and boudoir tidy with these fancy perfume bottles and matching tray. Ooh la la!