The Weimaraner is a large dog that was originally bred for hunting in the early 19th century. Early Weimaraners were used by royalty for hunting large game such as boar, bear, and deer. Jill will change this.
Tabby
A tabby is any domestic cat that has a coat featuring distinctive stripes, dots, lines or swirling patterns, usually together with a mark resembling an 'M' on its forehead. Tabbies are sometimes erroneously assumed to be a cat breed. Jill will change this.
Papillon
The temperament of a papillon is a happy, friendly, adventurous dog. They are not shy or aggressive. Papillon's make excellent family dogs but should be watched around little children, as should any dog, due to a small child's lack of understanding of a dog's behavior and the likelihood that they will do something to upset the dog.
Airedale Terrier
The Airedale can be used as a working dog and also as a hunting dog. Airedales exhibit some herding characteristics as well, and have a propensity to chase animals. They have no problem working with cattle and livestock.
Javanese
Javanese are noted as an intelligent cat that tends to vocalize, though often for no apparent reason. They are notably fond of play, jumping and human contact and allegedly depressed if regularly not entertained by humans or other pets. They are reportedly good mouse hunters.
Rottweiler
Rottweilers are a powerful breed with well-developed genetic herding and guarding instincts. Potentially dangerous behaviour in Rottweilers usually results from irresponsible ownership, abuse, neglect, or lack of socialisation and training.
Mastiff
Mastiff type means a large molosser dog. The term &quot;mastiff type&quot; has been used synonymously with the term &quot;molosser&quot;. For example, the bulldog breeds, the Great Dane, the mountain dogs, the pit bulls and even smaller dogs such as the Boston terrier, may be considered &quot;mastiff types&quot; in this broad sense.
Bichon Frise
The Bichon Frise loves human company and demands much of your attention. They are generally very sociable and do well with an owner that takes them along on outings.
MaineCoon
The Maine Coon is a large and sociable cat, hence its nickname, &quot;the gentle giant.&quot; It is characterized by a prominent ruff along its chest, robust bone structure, rectangular body shape, a silky flowing coat, and a long, bushy tail.
Ibizan Hound
Ibizan Hounds are &quot;escapologists&quot;: they are able to jump incredible heights from a standstill, so they need very tall fences. They also have been known to climb, and many can escape from crates, open baby gates and even locks. 
Manx
The Manx is considered a social and gregarious cat, and very attached to humans, but also shy of strangers. The breed is said to be highly intelligent, playful, and in its behaviour reminiscent of dogs.
Colorpoint Shorthair
The Colorpoint Shorthair is a highly intelligent, playful, and people-friendly breed. They are extremely affectionate and outgoing and enjoy lounging around and playing with people, causing them to also be described as &quot;extroverts&quot;. They can also be very sensitive with nervous temperaments, which do not adapt well to changes of environment or to strangers.
Vizsla
Vizslas are very high energy, gentle-mannered, loyal, caring, and highly affectionate. They quickly form close bonds with their owners, children and even strangers. Often they are referred to as &quot;velcro&quot; dogs because of their loyalty and affection.
Puggle
Puggles are great family dogs, they love to be around kids and are very friendly. They have characteristics of beagles, meaning they love to sniff for things and are excellent jumpers.
Irish Setter
Irish Setters get along well with children, other dogs, and will enthusiastically greet visitors. Even though they do well with household pets, small animals may pose a problem for this breed, as they are a hunting breed.
German Shepherd
The German Shepherd (German: Deutscher Schäferhund, German pronunciation: [ˈʃɛːfɐˌhʊnt]) is a breed of medium to large-sized working dog that originated in Germany. The breed's officially recognized name is German Shepherd Dog in the English language, sometimes abbreviated as GSD and was also formerly known as the Alsatian in Britain. Jill will change this wikipedia sourced text.
Scottish Terrier
Scotties are territorial, alert, quick moving and feisty, perhaps even more so than other terrier breeds. The breed is known to be independent and self-assured, playful, intelligent and has been nicknamed the 'Diehard' because of its rugged nature and endless determination.
Ragdoll
The extreme docility of some individuals has led to the myth that Ragdolls are pain resistant. Some breeders in Britain have tried to breed away from the limpness owing to concerns that extreme docility &quot;might not be in the best interests of the cat&quot;.
Staffordshire Bull Terrier
Although individual differences in personality exist, common traits exist throughout the Staffords. Due to its breeding, and history, the Staffordshire Bull Terrier is known for its character of fearlessness and loyalty. This, coupled with its affection for its friends, its off-duty quietness and trustworthy stability, make it a foremost all-purpose dog.
Tonkinese
Tonkinese are intelligent, active, vocal and generally people-oriented cats, playful and interested in everything going on around them; however, this also means they are easily susceptible to becoming lonesome or bored.
American Shorthair
The American Shorthair is a breed of domestic cat believed to be descended from European cats brought to North America by early settlers to protect valuable cargo from mice and rats. Jill should replace this wiki text as this is Placeholder
English Setter
A gentle but at times strong-willed, mischievous gun dog, the English Setter was bred for a mix of endurance and athleticism, it is used to hunt for game such as quail, pheasant, and grouse.
Redbone Coonhound
The Redbone Coonhound is affectionate, gentle, and should have a strong desire to please its owner.The breed is known for its distinctive &quot;drawling&quot; bark, also known as a bay. Hunters who use the breed follow the sound of the voice as the dogs track quarry.
Australian Shepherd
The breed is typically highly energetic, requiring a great deal of exercise and attention. An Australian shepherd enjoys working, whether it is learning and practicing tricks, competing in dog agility, or engaging in any other physically and mentally involving activity.
Borzoi
The borzoi is a quiet, but athletic and independent dog. Most borzois are almost silent, barking only very rarely. They do not have strong territorial drives and cannot be relied on to raise the alarm upon sighting a human intruder.
Poodle
The poodle is a group of formal dog breeds, the Standard Poodle, Miniature Poodle and Toy Poodle. The Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI) recognizes four sizes of one breed: standard, medium, miniature, and toy. Poodles exist in many coat colors. The origins of the poodles are still discussed. Jill will change this.
English Cocker Spaniel
Cockers are compassionate, determined, kind, intelligent, athletic, alert and resilient and make great family pets. The breed does not like being alone, and will bond strongly to an individual person in a family, usually the one who feeds it.
Giant Schnauzer
Giant Schnauzers are usually a quiet breed. Due to its breeding, the Giant Schnauzer is inherently suspicious of strangers and can be very territorial. Once introduced, it is usually accepting of novel people or situations.
Pointer
Pointers are even-tempered, congenial dogs, and despite their large size, make good house pets so long as they get sufficient exercise due to their extremely high energy levels. Pointers are intelligent, affectionate, clean and intensely loyal.
Korat
The Korat is a natural breed, and one of the oldest stable cat breeds. Known colloquially as the &quot;good luck cat&quot;. Traditionally, they are given in pairs to newlyweds or people who are highly esteemed, for good luck. Until recently, Korats were not sold, but only given as gifts.
American Longhair
American Longhair description placeholder.
Siberian
Known to be an exceptionally agile jumper, the Siberian is a strong and powerfully built cat, with strong hindquarters and large, well rounded paws and an equally impressive large full tail.
Bull Terrier
Bull Terriers can be both independent and stubborn and for this reason are not considered suitable for an inexperienced dog owner. A Bull terrier has an even temperament and is amenable to discipline.
(From Wearing Proper Clothes)
Hospital Patient
Police Detective
Victorian Companion
Fishman from the Lagoon
Camper
Medieval Monarch
Tree Fir
Vulpes the Voidcritter
Robot
Victorian Lead
Apocalypse Delinquent 
Sheriff
Animal Hoodie
Hospital Doctor
Holiday Helper
Pirate Crew
Alien Outsider
Western Townperson
Apocalypse Survivor
Pirate Captain
Scoundrel Bandit
Superhero
Supervillain
Victorian Sweetheart 
Cannot change traits while in this form.
Invalid age group. Delete Fairy Form?
Children do not have a Fairy Form or Fairy Abilities. Selecting this age option will delete the current Fairy Form. You cannot undo this change.
Link Sim Form with Fairy Form\n&lt;font color='#1e81e6'&gt;&lt;i&gt;When linked, any changes made in either form will automatically be copied to the other. Individual parts can be included and excluded from this linkage in the Link Filters above.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Copy Fairy Form to Sim
{0.SimName}'s Fairy Form
Link Fairy Form with Sim Form\n&lt;font color='#1e81e6'&gt;&lt;i&gt;When linked, any changes made in either form will automatically be copied to the other. Individual parts can be included and excluded from this linkage in the Link Filters above.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Copy Sim to Fairy Form
Add Fairy
Vampire Powers