Nova landed her dream job &lt;i&gt;and&lt;/i&gt; managed to work on her passion project too! That meant having to team up with Lewis though… Oh, well. 
Nova chose to program both in her job and in her free time, earning her the Webmaster trait. Webmasters get the most out of their computers, unlocking extremely useful ways to use them.
Not only Nova landed her dream job and worked on her passion project, but she also found love along the way! How she manages to juggle everything and still get some sleep is a mystery that remains to be solved.
We Stand United
Not only Nova landed her dream job and worked on her passion project, but she also managed to rekindle her friendship with Lewis! How she manages to juggle everything and still get some sleep is a mystery that remains to be solved.
To achieve everything, Nova has had very little sleep. That earned her the reward trait Seldom Sleepy, that greatly slows the decay rate of the Energy meter, allowing Nova to stay awake longer.
Keep your Enemies Closer
Nova kept her 9 to 5 job but was also eager to keep working on her passion project, so she figured that keeping Lewis around to do the dirty work couldn't be &lt;i&gt;that&lt;/i&gt; bad...
Nova can't stand Lewis but still chose to keep him around, earning the reward trait Mastermind. Masterminds know just the right things to say to cause anger, sadness, and jealousy in their opponents.
Gaming Elite
Nova can proudly close the first chapter of her career. Now she’s competed against Lewis (and won!), she’s ready to compete against the rest of the world as a professional eSports Gamer! Will she find new nemeses or form strong alliances? It’s up to you to decide!
Single Player Only
Rival got Pwned!
Slow and Steady Wins the Race
Nova can proudly close the first chapter of her career. She’s now very much her own boss and launched her very own company, built on her very own ideals. Will she find new nemeses or form strong alliances? It’s up to you to decide!
Nova didn't have time to entertain Lewis' chaotic proposals. She was too busy succeeding at work and landing her dream job in the tech industry.
Don't Mix Business with Pleasure
Nova would do anything for love… but she won’t do that. She’d rather separate her work life from her personal life, and keep succeeding at both!
This Dev Flies Solo!
Nova won’t trip over the same stone twice, and working with Lewis again seemed like a recipe for disaster. She chose to work separately, although they remain good friends!
Ugh, As If!
Nova might have helped Lewis once, but she can't keep rescuing him every time! Just as Nova ended up landing her dream job, Lewis needs to figure his own life out. 
Dream Chaser
Nova can proudly close the first chapter of her career. She’s now working as a Low Orbit Specialist, but how high will she fly? Will Lewis and Nova continue competing in space, where no one can hear them scream? It’s up to you to decide!
Nova and Lewis may not see eye to eye sometimes, but credit where credit’s due: he made it up to her by getting her closer to her childhood dream of traveling through space.
Intergalactic Power Couple
Nothing is set in stone: Nova’s turned her enemy into her lover, and swapped cubicle boredom for adventures in space!
To Simfinity… and beyond!
Nothing is set in stone: Nova’s turned her enemy into a friend, and swapped cubicle boredom for adventures in space! 
Intergalactic Nemesis
Some things can change, like Nova’s role, that went from Developer to Low Orbit Specialist. Her rivalry with Lewis, however, is here to stay!
It takes a lot of courage to become an Astronaut! Nova gained the Brave trait which means she won't be easily frightened!
Haters Gonna Lose
Nova can proudly close the first chapter of her career. Now she’s competed against Lewis (and won!), she’s ready to compete against the rest of the world as a professional eSports Gamer! Will she find new nemeses or form strong alliances? And will she end up giving up on her dream to go to space? It’s up to you to decide!
Enemies to Lovers
Nova would follow Lewis anywhere… but space. She chose the adrenaline rush of competing in eSports Stadiums over going on galactic adventures.
Friendship Respawned
Nova became an eSports Gamer and decided to keep her feet on the ground… of planet Earth! Her newly rekindled friendship with Lewis wouldn’t survive the close quarters of a spaceship anyway…
Out of Sight, Out of Mind
The Good Thief
Emit can now return to his own time-traveling adventures.
Quest Complete!
Time to resolve things with Emit.
It turns out the thief was really just a super fan of the present and was trying to preserve items from the past for the future!
Discover why this all happened to begin with.
Quest Complete!
Next up, find the reason this happened in the first place.
You've managed to catch the thief in action and get their personal email. Maybe you can use this to contact them directly!
Determined as ever, it's time for the final plan to be put into action.
Quest Complete!
It's time to see if you can find the thief in action!
The time travel component has been installed, and a computer given sufficient power. Everything you've learned from Emit and the literature of Nikolai Volt is now in place!
With each part of the plan falling into place, hopefully nothing falls apart.
Quest Complete!
With the theoretical component brought to reality, it's time to put it to use.
Having put Nikolai Volt's theories into practice, the creation of a time traveling component has been invented... or reinvented!
With the secrets of time travel unlocked, build the needed component and become your own time traveler!
Quest Complete!
With the Shard in hand, it's time to build a time travel component and become a time traveler like Emit.
The discovery of the Shard of Time is a revelation that the past leaves echoes—ripples—that can be found in the future.
The past leaves echoes in time which can be found once again. Discover them, and uncover their secrets. 
Quest Complete!
If time travel is indeed real, there must be a way to uncover its secrets.
Intuition drove the discovery of the time capsule and note inside.\n\nEmit believes the missing items are because of a time-traveling thief...which is a lot to absorb!
The mystery of missing items continues as the search uncovers secrets long buried.
A Sim from the past arrives in town with a boom and flash of light. Meet them, and find out what's going on.
Quest Complete!
The quest continues as new clues appear.
Emit's appearance seems to have drawn you into a mystery of missing items from the past. And it became clear that other Sims had also noticed similar disappearances in the present.
Is it too early to throw another party?
What a party! Everyone will be talking about that for months.
You did it! Now it's time to celebrate!
Who should eat this Ambrosia?
Incredible! You did it! It’s amazing that this stuff can bring Sims back to life. It’s time to make my own version of it! Thank you for your help!
Everything you've learned comes down to this. 
I think you're ready for the final step...
You're becoming quite the culinarian! You've acquired all the skills and knowledge needed to make Ambrosia.
Hone your cooking skills in preparation for the final step.
Keep working on your Cooking and Gourmet Cooking skills.
That’s it! You have all the ingredients. Now you just need to hone your Cooking skills.
Just one more ingredient remains.
Keep working on your aspiration to gain Satisfaction Points.
Maybe after all this research is done, we can catch a movie or something?
This research has brought you closer to Death than you ever expected...
One more ingredient to go...
Ah, the Death Flower! My absolute favorite.
The next ingredient must bloom from your garden.
Keep working on your Gourmet cooking!
I wonder what other secrets this book may hold?
It seems Lady Mimsy had compiled the secrets of Ambrosia many years ago... 
Two more ingredients to go...
Amazing! You’ve lured in the elusive Angelfish!
Time to reel in the first ingredient for your Ambrosia.
Keep working on your Aspiration!
The Grim Reaper can be so friendly!
Grim doesn't just need an assistant, he needs a friend.
Keep nurturing your plants and catching fish!
Your garden is really coming together, and your fishing skills aren't too shabby either!
You'll need a green thumb if you want to cheat death!
Keep working on your Cooking and Gardening skills!