Start your garden and grow the ingredients needed for Ambrosia!
Digging Holes
Work on your skills to prepare to make Ambrosia.
A Call Away
The Grim Reaper is calling for your assistance! Help Grim research Ambrosia.
Assistant to the Grim Reaper
Phew! The festive season seems really busy. Let's try the tradition of relaxing with some sweet drinks and some festive TV, I hear they play traditional movies at this time of year!
In the online research I saw that other Sims like to get together and dance. I think it's time to fill this place with Holiday Cheer and invite some friends over!
You've heard what traditions others have in your local area but there is a whole world out there. I wonder what other traditions exist, use the Internet to see how else Sims celebrate and let's get some music going to really set the festive mood!
Do you know what goes well with traditional foods? Traditional drinks! Let's make some of both to test my theory.
You are off to a great start learning about different traditions and foods. Keep going and chat with Sims about the holidays, try some tasty new foods and then let me know what you discover!
Different cultures all have their own festive traditions, ask other Sims about their Holiday Traditions to learn about them.
This will end the Event Quest, but you will still receive Event Points!
Wedding Ceremony
Dangerous Test Event
I don't even know what this thing does. Just... don't.
You cannot modify a lot while your Sim is working.
On the Job!
{0.SimFirstName} should wrap up what {M0.he}{F0.she}'s doing here before leaving.
Johnny
Zest
Drink this to become a bigger you!
Drink this to temporarily make your Sim Inspired!
Drink this to temporarily make your Sim Happy!
Drink this to temporarily make your Sim Focused!
Drink this to temporarily make your Sim Flirty!
Drink this to remove a Fear from your Sim without the cathartic confrontations.
Drink this to temporarily make your Sim Energized!
Drink this to temporarily make your Sim Confident!
Re-Traiting Potion
Kindness Ambassadors have better relationships with other Sims, fewer negative Emotions, and are able to challenge other Sims to be kind.
Kindness Ambassador
Pitch Story Idea interaction
Unlocked Door of Perception
Brag about Startup interaction
Brag about Skillz interaction
Unlocked Hidden Bookcase Door
Investigate on the computer
Tranquilizing Handshake interaction
Intelligence Research on the computer
Gather Inspiration from art
Hire Agent from phone
Critically Assess paintings
Research Art Reference on the computer
Perform comedy in space
Try Out Material social
Write Cook Book on the computer
Write Bar Guide on the computer
Hack Mainframe on the computer
Pick Pocket interaction
Search For Bank Blueprints on the computer
Make Business Calls interaction
Offer Career Advice interaction
Brag About Job Title
Imitate Boss interaction
Make Fun of Corporate Goons interaction
Give Fake Investment Tips interaction
Study Opponents interaction
Discuss Sports Statistics interaction
Offer to Pump Up interaction
Suggest Workout Interaction
Mentor Fitness interaction
Alien Juice drink recipe
Space Energy drink recipe
New Clothes!
Track Satellites on the telescope
Point Out Constellations interaction
Brave
Sims with this trait aren't as easily frightened! Brave Sims regain their composure faster than most Sims, and don't mind being near supernatural beings such as Ghosts or Skeletons!
Gold Level rewards include a new skill object.
Nice party! You'll find a black and white reward in your household inventory.
Gold Level rewards include a new musical object.
Classy party! You deserve a special black and white gift. Check your household inventory.
Silver Level rewards include a new decorative object.
Happy Birthday! Enjoy some festive balloons. They're in your household inventory.
Gold Level rewards include a new bedroom object.
Happy Birthday! Someone left you a nice new dresser in your household inventory. Maybe it was a hint to start dressing your (new) age.
Bronze Level rewards include a new book object.
Happy Birthday! Shame about the party. At least someone left a book as a present. It's in your household inventory.
Reward Earned
Long Lived
Long Lived
Increased Pay on all Gigs
Ability to 'Overclock' PCs
Your restaurant, {1.String}, has started to lose money! You may want to close it until you can visit and turn it around.
Stranger
Dependent
Caregiver
Enemies
These two Sims just refuse to get along!
{0.SimFirstName} and {1.SimFirstName} have settled their differences and are no longer Enemies.
{1.SimFirstName} and {0.SimFirstName} have had it. They are now Enemies!
Archenemies
These two Sims are the principal enemies of each other.
Betrayed Business Partners
These two Sims cannot stand each other. Any bridges have been burned after a heated argument about their family businesses.
Good Friend
This is a solid relationship built on trust and great memories.
With many tender moments and sentimental memories long forgotten and regrets and heartfelt losses still in mind, {0.SimFirstName} and {1.SimFirstName} are no longer Companions. Stay strong.
Good Friends