Lettuce
White Fish
Fish
Dough
Bread
Beans
Asparagus
Apple
foodCuttingBoard_GENjellyfish Placeholder Name
Calming Chamomile
Pitch Black
Hot Cocoa with Marshmallows
A cup of hot cocoa &lt;i&gt;but with marshmallows!!&lt;/i&gt;
Hot Cocoa
A cup of hot cocoa.
drinkCanGENEnergy_01
drinkCanGENEnergy_01
Juice
A can of juice.
Canned Water
Water in a can? How novel!
Off-Brand Soda
It may not be name brand, but it is still soda! Mmm.
drinkCan_bm
drinkCan_bm
Want Refresher
Sleep Replacement
Potion of Youth
Moodlet Solver
Instantly removes all negative Moodlets from your Sim.
Insta-Lean
Instantly changes Sim's body to maximum lean
Instant Hygiene
Instant Fun
Insta-Large
Instantly changes Sim's body to maximum largeness
Inspired Potion
Happy Potion
Focused Potion
Flirty Potion
Fear-Be-Gone
Energized Potion
Confident Potion
Buffalo Wing Tea
Serve all the spicy goodness of Buffalo wings, without worrying about the mess! Wonderful shaken, stirred, or with lemon.
Hvit Armoire
Tall and handsome, this armoire knows better than to mar its Nordic beauty with even a smidgen of extraneous trim. 
Willowdale High Boy Dresser
Is that your bedroom or a country inn? Only your dresser knows for sure. A heirloom-quality piece in rich finishes.
Thank You, Wardrobe
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;Designed By: peacemaker_ic&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThanks to all the wardrobes out there who help Sims get dressed every day for the past 21 years...and thanks to those who choose their outfits with care. Thanks to those who dress in a rush and accidentally leave the house wearing bunny slippers. And special thanks to those cold, awkward blurry moments where there are no clothes, because in those times we appreciate wardrobes most of all.
Trendsetter's Dresser
This dresser is flawless. I heard that Diego Lobo has a dresser like this, and he filled it with clothes, so I got a dresser like this, and I filled it with clothes.
Cozy Cubby
This cubby allows for a little flair by pairing boxes with icons for easy toddler use. Some cubbies even have their own splash of color to make this an instant win for any child.
Zes Horizontal Dresser
Your clothing will keep a low profile in this preternaturally understated six-drawer dresser.
Unmentionables Dresser
Princess Cordelia enjoyed structured clothing. Often sporting a bustle and a corset, undergarments were everything to her! She needed a lot of space to store her unmentionables so she designed this bottomless dresser that allowed her to change outfits at will. Amazing!
Ysabel Horizontal Dresser
True Mission-style design isn't just about hardwood grain, metal pulls, and geometric lines. It's also about dovetails, cornices, mortise, and tenons. If you know what any of this means, then you want this dresser.
Thumbkin Child's Dresser
Child-sized four-drawer dresser doubles as a bench, desk, or changing table. Sturdy enough to withstand repeated &quot;monkey on the bed&quot; games.
The Architrave
Subtly evoking Inquisition-era furnishings, Reclamation Homeware's six-drawer dresser is girdled in cold steel, like a horizontal Iron Maiden or a mad scientist's apothecary chest.
Weathered Wonder Dresser
Nothing says romance like a few bumps, bruises and mysterious scars. And nothing shelters your clothes with such stoic elegance as the Weathered Wonder. Standing tall, with long graceful lines and four proud, battered drawers, this triumphant antique is the stuff of true fantasy.
Enigma Dresser
With the Enigma dresser, as with so many things, it’s what’s beneath the surface that counts. Hiding below its unassuming top is a treasure trove of hidden curves and secrets. Intricate designs and fine details dare you to explore its depths fully.
Audrinite Dresser
Cutting-edge polymers protect your clothes from moths, eavesdropping by government intelligence, and ever going out of fashion.
The Neo
Your dresser holds clothing which can be rearranged into an amazing array of styles and outfits. Like the human heart, the dresser is the container of all of the different permutations of YOU. It deserves the consideration and attention you’d put into choosing your own casket. Might we at Reclamation Homeware humbly suggest… The Neo?
Kindermade Dresser for Children
Bring a piece of happiness to your child's bedroom today with this whimsical low dresser. Kid tested, child approved.
Plan Outfits
Diamond Panel Entry Door with Window and Fanlight
An exterior door with a square window and small fanlight above to provide an extra dose of natural light.
Diamond Panel Entry Door with Window
A handsome exterior door featuring a glass window and diamond detailing on the lower panel.
Exterior Door with Multipane Window and Fanlight
A wooden exterior door with a multipane glass inset plus a curved fanlight.
Two-Panel Wooden Door
An unpretentious two-panel wooden door.
Exterior Door with Multipane Window
A wooden exterior door with a multipane glass inset that helps minimize any risk of breakage.
Two-Panel Arched Door with Frosted Glass Plus Fanlight
A classic front door design gets a dose of added character when topped by a curved fanlight.
Two-Panel Arched Door with Frosted Glass
A classic front door design enhanced by curved panels, a central medallion and a frosted glass window.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Writer career while in the Author branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Writer career while in the Author branch.
Door of Perception
It has long been thought that books were the gateways to new worlds. It couldn't be truer in this case. Use this bookcase door to disguise the entrance to your study for a bit of peace and quiet.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Secret Agent career.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Secret Agent career.
Hidden Bookcase Door
What's a spy without a secret entrance--or exit? This bookcase doubles as a door for when you might need to make a quick getaway.
Modern Wood Door Plus Tall Sidelights and Transom
This modern wooden door framed by extra-tall sidelights plus a square transom adds the illusion of height to your front entryway.