Unlock by completing a Gold or Silver tier Costume Party
Flying Llama
Let the regal, rough-hewn profile of the wingéd llama preside over your daily activities. A must-have for all camelid lovers.
Unlocked at level 4 of the Criminal career.
Unlock by reaching level 4 of the Criminal career.
Vintage Baseball Bat Sculpture
Antique baseball bats are like a work of art. In this case, literally.
Unlocked at level 9 of the Painter career while in the Master of the Real branch.
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Painter career while in the Master of the Real branch.
Premium Prima Ballerina
A dainty ballerina practices on pointe. Reminiscent of Impressionist paintings, only this time in 3D.
Unlocked at level 9 of the Astronaut career while in the Space Ranger branch.
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Astronaut career while in the Space Ranger branch.
Astro-Bunny Beyond Infinity
Realistic sculpture of an astronaut and fuzzy companion, boldly pointing toward future horizons.
Unlocked at level 5 of the Astronaut career.
Unlock by reaching level 5 of the Astronaut career.
Portable Galaxy Lightshow
Why have the whole world in your hands when you could hold the galaxy? The Portable Galaxy Lightshow spins up a stellar display anytime you need to feel humbled by the vastness of the universe.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Astronaut career while in the Smuggler branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Astronaut career while in the Smuggler branch.
The Monolith
A faceless slab, pierced once with a perfect circle. Stark, ominous, arty as heck.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Writer career while in the Journalist branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Writer career while in the Journalist branch.
The Where Should I Go? Ball
Princess Cordelia was a strong-willed woman. Aboard her submarine, The Eppsilon, she traveled the world, building furniture and stopping at ports to sell her wares. When feeling adventurous, she would spin the globe and say “Where should I go?” Where it stopped, she went. Bring this replica globe into your home. Adventure!
Dare to Étagère
Displaying fragile housewares on a submersible can be tricky, as sooner or later you always hit rough waters. Inspired by the muscular, sucker-bearing tentacles of undersea cephalopods, this étagère actually clings to the walls and floor wherever it is set, and features discreet suckers on each shelf to secure breakable items.
Unicorn Futures Children's Bank
A roly-poly unicorn pal who'll save your little ones' coins until it's time for them to smash it to bits to reclaim their cash.
Llama Mama
Originally, designer B.F. Harlow constructed this llama only from wire. However, after some rather disturbing mid-20th century studies on the mother-child bond that used a wire surrogate, he went with this soft plush material instead.
sculptFloorInteract4x4_bm
sculptFloorInteract4x4_bm
Antique Metal Milk Jug With Branch
What could be more rustic than an antique metal milk jug with a tree branch artfully placed inside? Nothing, that's what.
The Fairest Trade Crate Display
PostRustic's crate display is perfect for decorating a commercial venture or making your breakfast nook look like the chain café down the street.
RAW Bathroom Shelf
The RAW Bathroom Shelf by PostRustic blends raw metal framing with wooden shelf inlays for an industrial feel in your WC.
Pile of Sports Equipment
An active athlete doesn't always have time to properly store their sports stuff. A pile by the door will do.
Men's Shoe Rack
Double shoe rack for the man who has everything -- including more than three pairs of shoes. 
Women's Shoe Rack
Double shoe rack with enough space for all your boots, flats, pumps, peep toes, sandals, platforms, mules, wedges, and kitten heels.
Wall o' Gym Lockers, Large
A bank of lockers for those who feel nostalgic about high school gym class. Stores everything short of freshman hazing victims.
Wall o' Gym Lockers, Small
You never used your locker in school, but now that you're home, they're suddenly trendy. Try one  in the bathroom, play room, laundry room, or mud room.
A Gathering of Garden Stones
Not enough for an entire rock garden, this scattering of stones adds visual interest to your outdoor spaces and makes barefoot walking that much more interesting as well.
Pink Flamingo Lawn Decoration
The plastic pink flamingo has a storied history as the premiere artifact of 20th century lawn kitsch. Display it ironically or earnestly; no one will know the difference.
Shoji Screen Room Divider
A room divider deliberately reminiscent of Japanese shoji screens, perfect for providing the illusion of privacy and separation without actually following through.
Pritchel Coat Rack
Free-standing coat rack will sit quietly in the corner and hold your outerwear with nary a protest.
Bob the Butler Fancy Sculpture
Princess Cordelia once lived in a giant palace. After moving to a submarine of only forty-eight rooms, she no longer needed her full wait staff. She knew her butler wouldn’t be happy with so little to manage so she let him go. With a tear in her eye, she made this sculpture to remember him by.
Bust of Baron von Dithering
Is this finely chiseled bust an artistic tribute to a great man or a hat rack? The world may never know.
Classic Pedestal-Style Bird Bath
A cool, calm basin of water attracts not only local wildlife, but encourages quiet meditation. Your garden is the serenest. 
Tall Bath Cabinet
A lot of bathroom storage in a small footprint. Helps keep dangerous medications out of the reach of children and short adults.
Pile of Laundry
Who needs a hamper? Free-form laundry pile can occupy odd-shaped floor plans, spare furniture, and can even be shoved perfunctorily into dresser drawers.
Plastic Laundry Basket
This simple plastic basket holds a single load of laundry with impeccable elan.
Rectangular Wicker Laundry Hamper
The perfect combination of ease, durability and unobtrusiveness comes together in this handsome laundry hamper.
Grande Vase
This stately ceramic vase takes command of any indoor or outdoor space, as well as anyone in it. Don’t be concerned by its haughty nature. It secretly covets attention, and the occasional furtive embrace.
Screen of Longing
Hewn from well-seasoned wood and then left out in the elements to age, this once-regal screen delivers the utmost privacy. Toss off your clothes with carefree abandon, dance and twirl to your hearts’ desire. No one can see you but you.
Discreet Divider
Retreat behind this natural-wood screen to dress or undress in tantalizing seclusion. Delicately carved and embellished with a charming floral print, this sweet divider is the picture of propriety—with only a few slim peepholes to taunt the curious eye.
Screen Of Secrets
The Screen of Secrets provides a nice, homey feel with pleasing colors and lovely, hand-painted flowers. But what goes on behind this dainty screen? Why, anything your little imagination can think of…
Garden Friend
Welcome nature into your garden with this hand-detailed ceramic bunny, a darling little visitor to nestle in your fragrant fields. Perky and playful, with a slightly porous finish, this eager companion can weather the most fervent storm.
Caress Wheel Barrench
Your life should be filled with flowers—fields and meadows of them, towering golden sunflowers and vibrant, lovely lavender. But when you simply can’t get away, you can roll the beauty of the countryside right up onto your porch with the Caress Wheel Barrench. Friendly, earthy and functional, this handcart-turned-plant bench is the perfect resting spot for captive flowers and runaway souls.
Merry Milkmaid
Add a touch of old world charm with this rustic iron milk pail. One glimpse, and you can’t help but imagine the merry milkmaid, cheeks flushed in the cold, fresh air of a country morning as she leans against the warm, soft flanks of her cow. A beautiful vision…in a deftly tarnished bucket.
Caress Stacking Crates
Why should produce have all the fun? These vintage fruit crates offer ingenious storage for toys, books, curios … anything your heart desires! Stack them up or scatter them about for a dash of country inspiration. The effect is so pleasing, your glee will be uncontainable.
Caress Upon Caress
Layer on the delights with this charming étagère. Designed to showcase your most enviable treasures, the four quaint, yet solid, shelves expose all to the admiring eye. Select your most cherished heirlooms and dare to bare them. This discreet display won’t let you down.
Ultimate Freezer Bunny Award
Bravo! Your Sims 3 adventures have earned you a trophy so large, your Sims can barely caress its shimmering pinnacle. But they can pat the Freezer Bunny, or hug the llama, or curl up below it in sheer wonderment. Beautiful, isn’t it?
High-Rider Gnome
It’s probably best not to ponder too much how the fellow got up there. Let’s just say that gnomes move in mysterious ways.
Improbable Ottoman
Babbling fish? Check. Dirty bathtowel? Check. Stylish yet supremely comfortable footrest? Buy it now! 
The Renascent
Until we challenge our perceptions of “knowing” we will continue to claw at false cages. What happens when the brain refuses to learn the wrong lessons? Travel in strange lands without leaving the comfort of your own brain. The Renascent, by Reclamation Homeware.
Gary Giraffe