Can Not Impregnate
Can Not Impregnate
Cannot Be Impregnated
Can Not Be Impregnated
Can Impregnate
Can Impregnate
Can Be Impregnated
Can Be Impregnated
Cannot Produce Milk
Cannot Produce Milk
Can Produce Milk
Can Produce Milk
Masculine Frame
(From Completing the Positivity Challenge Aspiration)
Kindness Ambassadors have stronger friendships and fewer negative Emotions.
Kindness Ambassador
Kindness Ambassador
{0.SimFirstName} needs to wait awhile before {0.SimPronounSubjective} can do this again!
Smooth Terrain
This tool will smooth terrain by taking the average heights of all terrain within the brush tool. The &quot;[ ]&quot; keys will change the size of your brush. Holding Shift and scrolling the mouse wheel will give you more granular size control.
Raise Terrain
This tool will raise terrain. Holding &quot;Ctrl&quot; while clicking will reverse the effects. The &quot;[ ]&quot; keys will change the size of your brush. Holding Shift and scrolling the mouse wheel will give you more granular size control.
Lower Terrain
This tool will lower terrain. Holding &quot;Ctrl&quot; while clicking will reverse the effects. The &quot;[ ]&quot; keys will change the size of your brush. Holding Shift and scrolling the mouse wheel will give you more granular size control.
Flatten to Height
This tool will flatten terrain to a specific height. Adjust height with the height slider in the UI, or hold &quot;Ctrl&quot; and the &quot;[ ]&quot; keys. The &quot;[ ]&quot; keys will change the size of your brush. Holding Shift and scrolling the mouse wheel will give you more granular size control.
Flatten Lot
This button will flatten your lot immediately. This can be undone by clicking the Undo button in the top panel.
Flatten Terrain
This tool will flatten terrain to the height of the first clicked area. The tool will naturally snap to the minor topography lines, holding &quot;Ctrl&quot; will snap the height widget to the major topography lines. The &quot;[ ]&quot; keys will change the size of your brush. Holding Shift and scrolling the mouse wheel will give you more granular size control.
A Fine Geometry Ground Pavers
We had extra pavers, so enjoy our brand new Fine Geometry Pavers as groundcover!
Light Gravel Pavers
Neatly ordered but authentically placed pavers give character to a heat-struck backyard.
Black Gravel Pavers
Neatly ordered but authentically placed pavers give character to a heat-struck backyard.
Clay Gravel Pavers
Neatly ordered but authentically placed pavers give character to a heat-struck backyard.
Grey Gravel Pavers
Neatly ordered but authentically placed pavers give character to a heat-struck backyard.
Red Gravel Pavers
Neatly ordered but authentically placed pavers give character to a heat-struck backyard.
Light Grassy Pavers
Bits of grass break through the gravel between these pavers - showing they don't take themselves too seriously.
Black Grassy Pavers
Bits of grass break through the gravel between these pavers - showing they don't take themselves too seriously.
Grey Grassy Pavers
Bits of grass break through the gravel between these pavers - showing they don't take themselves too seriously.
Clay Grassy Pavers
Bits of grass break through the gravel between these pavers - showing they don't take themselves too seriously.
Red Grassy Pavers
Bits of grass break through the gravel between these pavers - showing they don't take themselves too seriously.
Rough River Rock
All of these little rocks are living together in harmony!
Rock Storm
Spinning the hits of the 2000's all day everyday... &quot;Blast Techno Beats&quot;
21 Rock
Not 1, not 20, but 21 rocks. Balanced as all things should be.
Two-Tone Stone
At home anywhere, these striking tiles combine modern symmetry with the natural allure of river stone.
Bricks and Mortar
Not yet entirely obsolete, bricks and mortar are a personable choice for patios, walkways and more.
Desert Pavers
Offer a warm welcome to your guests with natural stone pavers in breathtaking desert tones.
Gravel &amp; Grit
Pleasing to the eye and ear, this gravel lives for the road.
Cliffs of Rover
The Cliffs of Rover will make your lot sing bright! Little patches here and there will always make things pop.
Cliff Huggers
Give vertical surfaces an extra-rugged look with authentic cliff stones harvested from on high.
Reclaimed Cobblestones
Colored by weather and massaged by time, these salvaged cobblestones lend a sense of history to your landscape like no pathetic newbies could.
Desert River Rock
Rivers once rushed through the desert. Envision one rushing through your yard.
Flagstone Pavers
Add a little “olde worlde” charm with the natural beauty of flagstone.
Cobbled Together
Let nature reclaim your lawn-or is it your lawn reclaiming nature?
Pebbles Please in Grey
A quick and easy solution for driveways, paths or just about anywhere - you'll have a &quot;crush&quot; in no time!
Pebbles Please in White
A quick and easy solution for driveways, paths or just about anywhere - you'll have a &quot;crush&quot; in no time!
Pebbles Please in Clay
A quick and easy solution for driveways, paths or just about anywhere - you'll have a &quot;crush&quot; in no time!
Pebbles Please in Lighter
A quick and easy solution for driveways, paths or just about anywhere - you'll have a &quot;crush&quot; in no time!
Pebbles Please in Light
A quick and easy solution for driveways, paths or just about anywhere - you'll have a &quot;crush&quot; in no time!
Pebbles Please
A quick and easy solution for driveways, paths or just about anywhere-you’ll have a “crush” in no time!
Patchwork Pavers
Plug up those burnt patches with stones for a happy, country look.
Saver Paver
Conserve water by embracing the beauty of sunbaked desert stone. 
Too Hot to Trot
This is what lawns are supposed to look like when the mercury really rises.
Green with Envy 
This remarkable grass gets greener the more that people envy it.
Emerald Forever 
Conjure up cooler expanses with the ever-green allure of Emerald Forever.