Polish to Perfection
Clean with Vigor
Energized Sims can clean much faster!
Power Clean
Serve from Inventory
Serve Vegetable Dumplings
Serve Roast Chicken
Serve Minty Mocha Cupcakes
Serve Challah
Serve Butter Chicken
There are no slots for food to be placed on the banquet table
Select food to Serve
Serve Assortment
Clear Feeding Preference
Prefers Bottle Feeding
This preference is selected
Prefers Breastfeeding
This preference is selected
No caregiver can breastfeed
Cry Over Baby
Use
Infants are too big for a bassinet. Try a crib instead!
Talk
Be Shown Newborn
Shoosh
Rock
Show Off To
Kiss {1.SimFirstName}'s Forehead
Make Silly Face
{0.SimFirstName} is very hungry! Without a feeding soon, this baby will be taken away!
Show Off
Hire Nanny Service
A Nanny has already been hired.
Hold Baby
Entertain
Cuddle
Coo At
(DEBUG) Starves Baby
S-Pop
Lullabies
Decorative Yarn Ball
A decorative yarn ball, for decorating things! You can't knit with it, but you can stare at it. Neat.
xRayMachine_bm
xRayMachine_bm
PowerFit Multitrainer Exercise Machine
Bring your gym routine home with this affordable if rackety exercise machine.
The Rack
Meet the ultimate workout machine for your lats, quads, glutes, and abs. Invented by Dr. Loomen Paine after his career in Interrogation, the Rack is effective for both toning muscles and eliciting false confessions.
BodyCrunch Pro Home Gym System
Tone your abs, glutes, quads, pecs and lats too with this complete home gym system featuring sweat-resistant surfaces, reinforced bars and cables and adjustable everything.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
ZenXercise Weight Machine
You're a strong Sim; you're not afraid to look weak! Some might mistake this minimalist design for something less weighty or substantial. But you can take it! ZenXercise without shame!
Whether you actually fix things or just like to think you do, no Sim should go without a respectable workbench.
Reclaimed Woodworking Table
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThis cobbled-together woodworking table is a textbook example of function over form, but what it lacks in beauty, it makes up for in heart.
woodPlankGEN_01
Bay-utiful Designs
Open up your space and bask in the view with this classic bay window. 
Vintage Vista
Hand crafted by a local artisan family, this stately old window brightens any home.
Barn Sash Window
This vintage window is as solidly crafted as it looks. Opens best in cool weather.
The Peacock
Place it where it’s sure to get noticed.
Classic Casement
A sensible solution that never goes out of style.
Tall Order
This tall, formal window adds a dash of style and light to your living or dining room, without pretending to be grander than it is.
Almost Secure Safety Window
It may look like an ordinary window, but the faux-wood trim is reinforced with iron and a few concealed spikes, just to keep things interesting.
Octopane
Because the world is so much easier to deal with when you compartmentalize.
Angel Wing
Graceful arched window and matching shutters appear so airy, you almost expect them to take flight.
Kitty Corner Casement
Perhaps the cat ears are intentional, perhaps not, but we find them quite bewitching.
Farmyard Window
Ideal for estates with sweeping vistas, this quaint window set is comprised of rediscovered windows from real, abandoned farms, with all-new glass of course.
The Woodcutter’s Window
Inspired by the quaint allure of a country woodcutter’s cottage, this window was constructed of reclaimed, hand-dented barn wood to add authentic character.
Short Classic Casement
A sensible solution that never goes out of style.
Glacemaster 1700C - EpicWide
No proper fenestrator could go without the Glacemaster 1700C--supreme among household windows. The EpicWide version. You've been warned. 
Outside In Double-Window Wall
Bring the outside inside with these gorgeous, floor-to-ceiling double-width windows. But if you have a lot of them, be careful not to throw stones.
Modern Awning
The ultimate in functional fenestras, this slim rectangle lets in only the light and air you can’t do without.
Glacemaster 1700C
No proper fenestrator could go without the Glacemaster 1700C--supreme among household windows.
Outside In Window Wall
Bring the outside inside with these gorgeous, floor-to-ceiling window panels. But if you have a lot of them, be careful not to throw stones.
Energy King
Double framed, double paned, double sealed and laminated for good measure, this eco hero won’t let an ion of heat pass through.
Let There Be More Light
Want more light? Cut a bigger hole and insert a bigger piece of glass.
Let There Be Light
Seriously, what else do you need beside a hole and some glass?