Princess Cordelia wanted to take her beloved chef, Matilda, aboard her submarine, but she was unwilling to leave her family behind. Luckily one of Cordelia’s pirate boyfriends had an amazing cook aboard his galleon. While purely for decoration, this copper hood helped the new cook feel at home. 
Caress Stove Hood
Cook in cozy country style with the Caress Stove Hood. This relaxed, wood-trimmed accessory adds a rustic touch to any kitchen. Fanciful as well as functional, it mounts directly on your wall, transforming the most modern appliance into a beloved and age-kissed creation.
The Noblesse
Smiling through tears at the birth of a child. A loved one’s final, poignant breath. Smoke ascending from your kitchen grease fire, into the arms of the universe. There are some moments we just know our lives will never be the same. The Noblesse stove hood, by Reclamation Homeware.
Steely Fan Range Hood
Smoke and grease beware! This professional-grade stainless steel range hood takes no prisoners. And it looks great in your kitchen.
Super Sucker Range Hood
This island range hood may look rustic, but its sucking power is so forceful, you may want to wait until after seasoning to turn it on full blast. Oh, and secure any teacup poodles and small children. That could suck.
Fate Postmodern
In honor of the exquisite museum's centennial anniversary, KitchenMeister presents a decorative vent that'll have guests sighing in structuralist bliss.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
The Obelisk
This impressive stove hood is sure to keep your kitchen smoke and odor-free like a prominent smokestack--but far more stylish.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Pro Performance Range Hood
Want to be a great chef? Start by looking like one. This high-performance stainless steel range hood makes quick work of smoke, grease, odors and any doubts guests might have.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Discretion Stove Hood
Compact, understated and silent as a whisper, this covert stove hood takes care of your dirtiest business without breathing a word to anyone.
Close Quarters Range Hood
This stove hood was invented by Princess Cordelia to keep her submersible from filling with smoke. Of course, it required a pretty long vent when she was leagues under the sea, but the modern version comes with everything you need.
Tempest Range Hood
Breathe easy as you cook up a storm. Designed for any island-based cooking range, this hood doubled as a ventilation system to purge the entire submersible of pirate smells.
Copperrrr and Otherrr Metal Stove Hood - Ceiling
Princess Cordelia wanted to take her beloved chef, Matilda, aboard her submarine, but she was unwilling to leave her family behind. Luckily one of Cordelia’s pirate boyfriends had an amazing cook aboard his galleon. While purely for decoration, this copper hood helped the new cook feel at home. 
Double Whoosh! Ceiling Stove Hood
A taller version of our original, this charming metallic stove hood is traditional and efficient.
Whoosh! Ceiling Stove Hood
This charming metallic stove hood is traditional and efficient.
Postilion Ceiling-Mounted Range Hood
Who knew a kitchen ventilation hood could be quite so quaint and charming? Easy curves and just a touch of trim make all the difference.
Dramatic Heights Stove Hood
Elevate the beauty of your country kitchen with this extra-tall stove hood. Pretty detailing around the base adds an air of fancy. Powerful performance is destined to sweep you off your feet.
Breath of Fresh Air Stove Hood
Breathe in the fresh country air without a hint of smoke or odors. This charming stove hood whisks the air clean, so you can bask in sweeter aromas than whatever you just tried to cook.
EuroBreeze Range Hood
A hypermodern kitchen range hood that skates on the cutting edge of technology without quite falling off. The hood's sleek design is reminiscent of stealth bombers and military drones, and it hums ominously just like its inspirations.
stoveCounter_bm Placeholder Name
stoveCounter_bm Placeholder Description
Venue Wall Speaker: Romance
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. It serenades Sims with Romance music late into the night, and it's still going the next morning.
Venue Wall Speaker: Retro
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. It turns back the clock with Retro music all day, and all of the night!
Venue Wall Speaker: Pop
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. It loops Pop music 24/7/365!
Venue Wall Speaker: Electronica
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. It blasts Electronica music and won't stop when you drop!
Venue Wall Speaker: Classical
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. Rumors say that its been playing Classical music for nearly 300 years without pause!
Venue Wall Speaker: Blues
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. It plays smooth Blues music non-stop for all the hepcats out there.
Venue Wall Speaker: Alternative
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. It shuffles through Alternative music and won't listen when &quot;the Man&quot; tells it to stop.
Residential Wall Speaker
This rugged wireless speaker brings stereo-quality audio to the outdoors. You'll enjoy all of the standard stereo functionality - now mounted to your wall!
Venue Wall Speaker: R&amp;B
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. Vibe out to the smooth melodies and rich lyrics of R&amp;B.
Venue Wall Speaker: Hip Hop
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. Now what you hear is Hip Hop and it's bopping right on fleek. And it, the groove, and your Sims are going try to keep the beat!
Venue Wall Speaker: S-Pop
This wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. S-Pop blends every musical genre into a non-offensive focus-grouped guilty pleasure.
Venue Wall Speaker: Nature Soundscapes
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThis wall-mounted stereo is intended for use at community venues. Relax to the soothing sounds of nature.
Venue Wall Speaker: Carnaval Beats
Give your venue a bit of tropical flavor with this stereo. Feel the vibrant sounds of Brazil's Carnaval that would make any Sim move. This music is meant to spread the joy of life, we hope you feel the beat!
Venue Wall Speaker: Lullabies
This wall-mounted stereo is for use at community venues. It plays soothing lullabies.
Venue Wall Speaker: Kids
This wall-mounted stereo is for use at community venues. It plays fun kids songs!
Venue Wall Speaker: Spooky
This wall-mounted stereo is for use at community venues. It haunts Sims with Spooky music. Great for Halloween decorations, haunted houses or those looking for something creepy. 
Venue Wall Speaker: Winter Holiday
This wall-mounted stereo is for use at community venues. Great for the Winter Holidays!
Shelves are the most underrated item in any house or submarine. We use them to hold up our most prized possessions! Princess Cordelia, living on her submarine, knew this all too well. She and her furniture artisans crafted this shelf and applied a tacky adhesive that kept items in place during sudden changes in depth.
Mega Shelf
For extra durability, our antique Mega Shelf is made with Oke, our proprietary oak substitute. It’s twice as strong as oak, and only five times as heavy. Carefully install a Mega Shelf in your home today. Goes great with Mega Globe and Mega Couple Of Books!
Kiddie Shelf
A deep wall shelf perfect for displaying your little one's belongings--and keeping them off the floor.
Reclaimed Plank Shelf
An unfinished plank makes for a no-frills landing spot for your baubles.
Rustic Wall Shelf
Use this sturdy wall shelf with scroll detailing to house all your most precious tchotchkes.
Houndstopper Wallpiece
Extraterrestrials chasing you through the house? Flatten their wheels with this discreet kneecapper! Keep a glass of our proprietary Alienz-Be-Gone in the compartment for extra punch!
The Jokoh Flats
Sporting a distinctive multifold design for superior weight distribution, the Jokoh range of storage surfaces come in a large range of colors that promise to fit the most esoteric of interior spaces without breaking the bank.
The Immaculate
Think of the trillions and trillions of atoms that made up the cells that made up the animals and plants that evolved on our ever-spinning world into newer and greater realizations of themselves over billions and billions of years. And all of it has led to you buying this shelf. The Immaculate.
Out &amp; About Wall Shelf
Your everyday belongings are ready to go, thanks to this sturdy wall shelf. Take a closer look and you'll see your go-to things tell a story to anyone paying attention—about you, who you are, and things you love.
Childhood Wonder
A shelf that can be almost anything is perfect for children that love to change their room often and have large imaginations. Unicorns, Dinosaurs, Clouds, or Cars; It's up to them to decide what's best.
Unlocked at level 2 of the Athlete career.
Unlock by reaching level 2 of the Athlete career.
Athlete's Trophy Case
Every athlete gets trophies -- that bowling league trophy you got when you were 8 or that second place hopscotch medal. Maybe try to earn something a little more grown up, ok?