As a thank-you for joining us for our third trip around the sun as well as embarking on this new adventure, let this lamp light up your Sims' world.
The Arcadia
Is it a lamp? A shelf? A work of art? So many questions! Here’s a question for you: why does it have to “be” anything? Defy your compulsion to define everything you see and just let The Arcadia BE whatever it will be. The Arcadia: the new lamp from Reclamation Homeware.
Rangoli Ground Candles
These candles are perfect for placement on your favorite rangoli designs.
Anti-Lift Balloons
These anchored balloons won't float away like a normal balloon. No need to tie them to your child's wrist… they're already tied to the ground.
Jett Pendant Lamp
Cool, sleek pendant lamp will light up your life in an unobtrustive yet slightly institutional fashion.
Unlocked at level 2 of the Astronaut career.
Unlock by reaching level 2 of the Astronaut career.
Set the solar system soaring on your ceiling, brightened by the Sun itself. Pluto not included.
Long John Buttercups Chandelier
Whenever Princess Cordelia's Submarine dove or rose, she enjoyed watching the chandeliers tilt. This particular chandelier was named after Princess Cordelia's first pirate boyfriend, Captain Long John Buttercups. He always said this chandelier reminded him of his old galleon.
Casa Morgan Mission-Style Lantern Chandelier
Chase away the shadows with this elegant lantern chandelier replete with hardwood detailing.
Kid's Ceiling Light
Worried about the “tone” in your kids’ room? Lighten up with this charming ceiling light!
Reclamation Homeware Ceiling Lamp
Bent wood and bolted iron lend an ominously rustic air to this ceiling fixture.
Scrivello Pendant Lamp
Brushed metal with a fluorescent bulb, this pendant lamp is perfect for all your home interrogation needs.
Strained Eyes Ceiling Light
This novel ceiling light casts a wicked light through its reclaimed colander shade. 
Square Confection Ceiling Light
The perfect light to add more corners to your room.
Campanulate Ceiling Lamp
Perfect bell shaped curves to elegantly hide light bulbs.
Round Confection Ceiling Light
Influences from the kitchen applied to the ceiling.
Snöboll Pendant Lamp
This unassuming paper globe will brighten any room with its soft glow.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Entertainer career while in the Comedy branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Entertainer career while in the Comedy branch.
Studio Equity Track Lighting Kit
Lights, camera, action! Theater-style lighting for all the drama llamas on the scene; individualized positioning guarantees a spotlight for everyone.
Ring o’ Light
Surround yourself with gentle, soothing light. This lovely chandelier features five glimmering lights that cast a glow so warm and soft, it feels as if you are bathing in candlelight. The round porcelain base and decorative brass ring invite you to grab hold and swing, but you’ll be too relaxed to try it.
Pleasantly Pendant Chandelier
Illuminate any dinner gathering with the warm, soft glow of this homey chandelier. Bask in its golden light, appreciate its brassy curves and remark at how cleverly it evokes a piece of your grandmother’s china.
Torcher Inc. Fiat Luxe Pendant Lantern
Our absurdly specific number of quality checks ensures that the excellence of our light fixtures is never compromised. This pendant-style ceiling lantern is no exception.
Partyglass Lamp
A hanging light--perfect for your anti-gravitational beverage of choice!
Normandic Light
When omniscient cuttlefish attack, take heart! This hanging light will save the galaxy with its sleek lines and high-tech components.
The Serendipity
When something old is transformed into something wonderful and new, it’s like hearing the laughter of all the children in the world. What used to be trash has been collected, pressed, painted, and reintroduced to you as The Serendipity premium light set from Reclamation Homeware. Available for purchase now. Do it for the children.
The Prestige
When they said we couldn’t make a functional and breathtaking light fixture from reclaimed garbage, we laughed. We laughed right in their stupid faces. The word “can’t” is not recognized at Reclamation Homeware, and anyone who says it is fired. And the light we “couldn’t” make? We did.
lightCeiling3x3_bm
lightCeiling3x3_bm
Simly Park Tileable Pendant Light - Long
No kitchen is complete without the perfect set of pendant lights. Tile them over the kitchen island, in the breakfast nook, or go rogue and hang them anywhere you like! This model features a longer length, perfect for higher ceilings.
Simly Park Tileable Pendant Light - Medium
No kitchen is complete without the perfect set of pendant lights. Tile them over the kitchen island, in the breakfast nook, or go rogue and hang them anywhere you like! This model features a medium length.
Simly Park Tileable Pendant Light
No kitchen is complete without the perfect set of pendant lights. Tile them over the kitchen island, in the breakfast nook, or go rogue and hang them anywhere you like!
One Cloudy Day
For days of sunshine or falling rain, the One Cloudy Day lamp has you covered for all of your lamp cloud needs. With a range of colors from Sunny Yellow to Gloomy Gray.
Paper Lantern of the Wiseacre Moon
&lt;i&gt;This lantern was granted for the New Lunar Year of the Pig, starting in February 2019.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nMy mother's favorite saying was, &quot;You can't wrap fire with paper,&quot; but then I brought one of these home from the New Lunar Year Festival. Now her favorite saying is, &quot;My kid is a smart aleck.&quot;
The Super Subtle Saucer Light
It's like The Subtle Saucer Light, but more discreet. You're welcome.
The Subtle Saucer Light
The Subtle Saucer is an ideal choice for those looking to illuminate their surroundings discreetly.
Astro Solar System Light
lightCeiling2x1_bm
lightCeiling2x1_bm
Diner Sign
A sign for a diner.
Diner
This diner is always closed.
Diner Sign
An attractive sign.
Car Wash Landmark
This car wash is always closed.
Burger Shop Sign
A tasty sign.
Burger Shop
This burger shop is always closed.
Distant Bowling Alley
This bowling alley is always closed.
Fake Bar
It looks like a bar, but it's always closed.
Distant Shops
A series of shops only meant to be seen from far away.
Parking Lot
A parking lot.
False Drive In
Enjoy a movie at the drive in! Or not! Because it's a fake drive in...
Waiting Area
A comfortable place for Sims to wait and wait and wait...
Desert Sign
A small family of bird-like flowers perched on paddle-like leaves.
Shrubbery
A small flowering shrub.
Wolfsbane Flower
This hardy shrub grows long purple wolfsbane flowers.
Clump of Mushrooms