Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Castle Estate Kit
Gotta Love a Classic
Parapets, stained glass, arrow slits, and even a gargoyle are among the classical details that will make your manor magnificent.
Build Something Grand
Get inspired by the majesty of castles and build using gothic arches, stackable ornate windows, grand staircases, gorgeous stonework, and a large portcullis gate. It’s all about the gravitas.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Pastel Pop Kit
Blast From the Past
Create a contemporary space that draws inspiration from times gone by. The patterned bed sheets and psychedelically curved table legs in this kit are nostalgic for summertime in the 60s and 70s, but they still fit right in with modern, understated, décor.
Avant Basic
Decorating should be fun and carefree! Give your room a quirky side with irregular, but simple, shapes in dreamy pastel colors. This collection has heart chairs, mirrors shaped like puddles, and even more ways to incorporate whimsy into everyday design.
Create Unique Restaurants
Experiment with New Food
Sims with adventurous tastes can dig into new experimental cuisine that looks almost too good to eat! Serious foodies can snap food selfies to memorialize these edible masterpieces or learn to cook them at home.
Dine Out with Your Sims
Take your Sims out to enjoy a delicious meal with exceptional service. Restaurants are the perfect place to catch up with friends over brunch, spend time with family, or have a romantic date, all without having to do the dishes.
Become a Restaurateur 
You are in control of owning and running a restaurant. Hire and outfit staff, set the menu and prices, and chat up diners to improve customer satisfaction!
Build a variety of restaurant venues from a classic diner to an upscale Italian bistro, or customize pre-made restaurants using new objects and décor. Personalize your space by adding an outdoor patio, comfy booth seating, or unique signage.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Greenhouse Haven Kit
Signs of Life
Even the most organized gardeners need tools. Pots, plant starters, gloves, and spray bottles will make your greenhouse look like a space your Sim loves to spend time in.
A Room to Grow
This kit includes build items designed for creating the perfect greenhouse structure. Craft an ideal windowed haven for your Sims to indulge their green thumbs and live out their gardening fantasies. 
Advanced stages of Rabid Rodent Fever are highly contagious, and left untreated will result in death.
Keep your pet rodent well fed and their habitat clean, or they’ll start to dislike you.
Don’t fret if your pet rodent escapes their habitat. They’ll be back, and they may even send you a postcard from their travels!
Pet rodents age faster than Sims. Order an Anti-Aging Treat from a PC or the Vet Clinic if you can’t bear losing them.
Tired of your pet rodent’s shenanigans? Order an IQ Limiter Treat from a PC or the Vet Clinic.
Try adding laundry additives to your Washing Machine for some extra fragrance… or funk.
Dryer lint traps are infamous for starting fires. Remember to clean yours before it becomes a problem.
Looking for an eco-friendly laundry alternative? Try using the Wash Tub and Clothesline.
Piles of used clothing will start to stink. Place them in a Hamper to keep your home fresher longer.
Successfully completing all of the endurance climb challenges on the Rock Wall grants access to a dangerous fire climb.
You don't need expensive and bulky workout equipment to stay in shape; try a workout video on your TV.
Earbuds can be ordered from a computer. They're great for enjoying music on the go!
Use bowling ball racks to change your ball’s color. Bowling kingpins can even use a clear skull ball, the stuff of legends.
Bars, Nightclubs, and Lounges equipped with bowling lanes offer late night Moonlight Bowling on weeknights.
Sims will show up to bowl at Bars, Nightclubs, and Lounges that are equipped with bowling lanes.
Sims improve at bowling as they play. Highly skilled bowlers will wear bowling gloves on the lane.
Vampires take on weaknesses as they rank up. Choose wisely.
Interactions with bat icons are related to Vampires.
Vampires gain experience, rank up, and unlock more powers.
Vampires LOVE the short days in Forgotten Hollow. Other Sims, not so much.
All windows come with UV protection so vampires are safe indoors!
Search the paths of Forgotten Hollow for a chance of finding a rare Plasma Fruit.
Vampires can turn into bats. Loveable, cuddly bats.
Study up on Vampire Lore to find out more about the ancient ones.
Becoming a Vampire can mean enduring multiple days of unusual ailments.
Pour a cup of coffee and stay up late. Vampires are called Nightwalkers for a reason.
Search the midnight streets of Forgotten Hollow for a Vampire BFF!
Vampires reveal their Dark Form when drinking from Sims.
There are ways to tame Vampire thirst without drinking from Sims.
Don’t let your Vampire get a sunburn. Trust us!
Infant Milestones help your Infants develop and grow, and it's adorable! 
Completing more Milestones as an Infant gives them a head start on their Toddler Skills.
Milestones are a collection of your Sims' experiences. Try achieving as many as you can!
Achieving Milestones unlocks new interactions and behaviors for your Sims!
Increase your Fabrication Skill by using the Fabricator or the Candle Making Table.
Eco-Upgrade parts can be made with the Fabricator or bought from the Market.
I could use a good N.A.P. right now.
Need more Influence to vote? Try Mentoring another Sim or Giving a Gift.
Using fireplaces makes the Eco Footprint more industrial.
Add trees to any lot for a greener Eco Footprint.
Hosting Events gives your Sims a boost in their Influence Points.
One way Sims can gain Influence is through job promotions!
Trashing up the place.
Keep the island pristine and see what happens!
Need island fruit native to Sulani? Check the iLand Beach Shax!
Need some quick cash? Take on an odd job or two!
You don't need Kava Roots to make Kava, but it is preferable.
When it’s hot out, a Kiddie Pool is the perfect place to relax for Sims of all ages.
If you want to be covered when it rains, don’t forget to place the Umbri Umbrella Rack on your lot and take an Umbrella!
Giving a gift is as easy as having something in your Sim’s inventory!
Gnomes love fun stuff – try appeasing them with a toy! Or else feel their wrath…
Have a green thumb? Join or make a career out of Gardening.
Grow your own flowers? Make arrangements for free!
Sims can use friendly socials to declare love or hate for a particular weather or temperature.
Upgrade Dr. June’s Weather Control Device and you might even be able to change the current season!
Be careful of those mud puddles, they are quite slippery.
The Sprinkle-O-Matic is an easy way to keep your garden watered consistently, and is not a bad way to cool off from the heat.
If you rake enough leaves you’ll get a large pile of leaves that your Sims can Burn, Play In, or even Woohoo in.
Your gardening plants will grow based on the seasons, so check out their growing information in the tooltips and Notebook.
Oversized Crops
Wool
Eggs
Animal Treats
Gardening
Splicing Recipies
Detective Career
Clues
Scandals
Other Sims' Scandals
Other Sims' Secrets
My Scandals
My Secrets
Fishing
Fishing bait
Click on fish to find out which bait to use
Horse Ranch
Nectar