Impress guests with a modern entertainment space and suave fits from The Sims™ 4 Casanova Cave Kit. 
Casanova Cave
Casanova Cave
Effortless Style
Elevated Evenings
Howl the night away in The Sims™ 4 Werewolves Game Pack! Your Sims will transform, join packs, and run wild under the light of the full moon.
Moonwood Mill
Once upon a time, Moonwood Mill was filled with the bustle and sound of the nearby lumber mill. Today, the town is transformed. The rusted shells of its former industry provide cover for a handful of mysterious denizens who've sought out this wilderness-shrouded community, basking in its remote and anonymous nature. It's a place with a hidden history, and those who live here know that if you dig deep enough, you're bound to discover some fascinating secrets.
Mysterious Sightings
The mysterious silhouettes lurking in the wilderness' trees are enough to make any visitor's fur - erm, hair - stand on end.
Natural Wonder
Surrounded by miles of wilderness and enriched by rare fauna and flora like the Luna Fish and Moonpetal Flower, Moonwood Mill is a nature-lover's paradise.
Local History
This former lumber mill town may be a bit quiet, but dig a little and you're sure to surface some secrets from the past... and present!  
Create Your Own Werewolf
Lycanthrope Lore
Alpha or Lone Wolf? 
Life on the Wild Side
Grow your culinary skills with new small appliances and turn cooking into cash!
Home Chef Hustle
Home Chef Hustle
Fresh Chef Styles
Small Appliances, Big Upgrade
Feed the Neighborhood
Dust off the vacuum and tidy up!
Bust The Dust
Bust The Dust
Make your Sim’s chores easier!
Clean Up Your Act
Avoid Dust-Ups
Give your toddlers new ways to express their personalities, burn off energy, and make friends.
Toddler
Toddler Stuff
Indulge in iconic fashion and lavish décor with The Sims™ 4 Secret Sanctuary Kit.
Secret Sanctuary
Secret Sanctuary
Flawlessly Fashionable
An Opulent Oasis
Explore a supernatural world and master the art of wizardry.
Realm of Magic
Realm of Magic
Glimmerbrook
The quiet town of Glimmerbrook may have more to it than meets the eye...
Enchantment
Make this a truly magical vacation. Cauldrons are brewing and spells are a-casting here in Glimmerbrook
Casters Alley
Casters Alley within the Magic Realm is your go-to shopping spot for wands, potions, and brooms
Magic Portal
There are tales of a portal above the Glimmerbrook waterfall. Are you brave enough to see where it leads?
Dress for Supernatural Success
Learn the Craft
Discover the Neighborhood
Outfit your Sims in retro-inspired athleisure looks!
Throwback Fit
Throwback Fit
Blast from the Past? Dress up in Style!
Get Fit in Style
Stay up past your bedtime with cozy, crafty backyard camping gear from The Sims™ 4 Little Campers Kit*!
Little Campers
Little Campers
For the Kids
A Crafty Look
Embody the darkness with new goth styles from The Sims™ 4 Goth Galore Kit.
Goth Galore
Goth Galore
Goth on the Go
Dark and Distinct
Breathe in that crisp autumn air, watch the leaves change color, and reach for something warm from The Sims™ 4 Autumn Apparel Kit.
Urban Homage
Forward Facing Throwbacks
Styles for the City
Pursue new skills and live a life of accomplishment in The Sims™ 4 Businesses &amp; Hobbies Expansion Pack.
Businesses &amp; Hobbies
Businesses &amp; Hobbies
Nordhaven
This northern coastal city is known for its thriving, independent local businesses and the enchanting beauty of its cold seasons. Take a walk through the historic views of Gammelvik with its cobbled streets, classic architecture, and picturesque canals. Or hop on the train to Iverstad and explore how the locals are reinventing the industrial city center. Whether you seek to make your business flourish or just want to practice your hobbies with a cozy community, you will always find an opportunity here.
Get Inked
Feeling daring? Visit a tattoo studio in Iverstad to mark your skin with a good memory.
Practice Your Hobby
Visit the market squares for daily hobby meetups, where you can learn a new skill while making new friends!
Old Town Charm
Spend a romantic day in historic Gammelvik! Grab a hot drink from the market, walk the canals, and stop at a fishing spot to help keep them clean.
A World of Possibility
Mold Your Future
Make Your Mark
Open Your Dream Business
Experience the celebrity lifestyle with your Sims!
Get Famous
Play with The Sims™ 4 Get Famous!
Here is a list of some of the experiences you can have during your trial of Get Famous:\n\n&lt;ul type=&quot;circle&quot;&gt;&lt;li&gt;Land a part in a television show&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Gain celebrity perks and unlock fresh styles&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Make your reputation pristine -- or atrocious!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Paparazzi!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Store your riches in a money vault&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Try becoming famous by your teen year&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Meet and form relationships with Del Sol Valley's Celebrities&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;
Get Famous
Del Sol Valley
Celebrities!
Del Sol Valley is the prime location for a chance at meeting a Proper Celebrity!
Picturesque Views
Assuming the day is nice and clear, The Pinnacles offers a fantastic view of Del Sol Valley
Starlight Boulevard
Stroll the Boulevard and spot tiles of stars like Brytani Cho and Dirk Dreamer
Live a Lavish Lifestyle
Run This Town