To increase Writing skill, write books on a Computer or read a Writing Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Click on a Computer and select a genre of book to write under the Write category. Hover the cursor over a book to check its quality.
Click on a Computer and select a genre of book to write under the Write category. Once the book is complete, click on the Mailbox to Publish it!
To increase Writing skill, write books on a Computer or read a Writing Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Click on a Computer and select a genre of book to write under the Write category. Hover the cursor over a book to check its quality.
Click on a Computer and select a genre of book to write under the Write category. Computers can be purchased from Build Mode under the Study Room Sort.
Click on a Computer and select a genre of book to write under the Write category. To become Inspired, take a Thoughtful Shower, Read a Book, or do Creative work.
Write for {1.Number} Hour while Inspired
Click on a Computer and select a genre of book to write under the Write category. Sims can unlock more genres by increasing their Writing Skill.
Click on the Easel, then choose a Painting Style and Size. Hover the cursor over a painting to check its quality.
To increase Painting skill, create paintings on an Easel or read a Painting Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Click on the Easel, then choose a Painting Style and Size. Hover the cursor over a painting to check its quality.
Travel to a Museum Venue using the World Map, then click on paintings to View them.
View or Admire {1.Number} Paintings at a Museum
Sims can create special paintings while in certain emotions. Click on the Easel, and select an Emotional Painting to begin.
Click on a completed Painting to have your Sim sell it.
To increase Painting skill, create paintings on an Easel or read a Painting Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Achieve Level {1.Number} Painting Skill
Click on the Easel, then choose a Painting Style and Size. To become Inspired, take a Thoughtful Shower, Read a Book, or do Creative work.
Click on the Easel, then choose a Painting Style and Size. Easels can be purchased from Build Mode under the Study Room Sort.
Achieve Level 10 Social Skill
Make a BFF
Achieve Level 5 Social Skill
Make a Friend
Meet {1.Number} New Sims
To increase Social skill, talk to Toys or other Sims.
Click on an adult Sim and perform Friendly or Funny Socials to increase Relationship!
Become Friends with {1.Number} Adults
Click on a child Sim and perform Friendly or Funny Socials to increase Relationship!
Become Friends with {1.Number} other Children
Click on a Sim and perform Friendly or Funny Socials to increase Relationship!
To increase Social skill, talk to other Sims or Toys.
Click on a Sim and perform Friendly or Funny Socials to increase Relationship!
Click on unknown Sims and select Introduce!
Earn a High Score on the Typing Game
Make It Across the Monkey Bars {1.Number} Times
Practice Typing {1.Number} Hours
Play on a Jungle Gym while Playful
To increase Motor skill, have them Practice Typing on the Computer or Play on the Monkey Bars.
Click on a Computer and select Play Keyboard Commander until attaining a high score.
Click on the Monkey Bars and select the Play interaction. The Monkey Bars can be purchased from Build Mode under the Outdoors Sort.
Click on a Computer to Practice Typing.
To increase Motor skill, Practice Typing on the Computer or Play on the Monkey Bars.
Achieve Level {1.Number} Motor Skill
Jungle Gym objects can be purchased from Build Mode under the Outdoors Sort.
Achieve Level 10 Mental Skill
Achieve a Grade of &quot;A&quot; at School
Finish Homework {1.Number} Times while Focused
Achieve Level 5 Mental Skill
Play {1.Number} Games of Chess
To increase Mental Skill, Play Chess or perform other intellectual tasks.
Emotion potions can be created using the Science Table. The Science Table can be purchased from Build Mode under the Kids' Room Sort.
Craft {1.Number} Emotional Potions
To achieve an A grade at school, complete Homework and Grade Level Requirements. Going to school while Focused will also help!
Homework can be found in the Sim's personal inventory. Do Homework for three straight hours without stopping or leaving the Focused emotion. To become Focused, Read a Book or Play Chess.
Not Helping with Gardening
Harvest Bonus ON
Harvest Bonus OFF
Rainbow
Harvest Ready ON
Harvest Ready OFF
Special - Go to Sim
Special - Go To Object
Sleep for the night
Run From Fire
Rooster Crow (debug)
Nest (Debug)
Intimidate
Animal Runs Away (debug)
Teleport Home
Flee Home
Go Home (debug)
Eat Special Feed (debug)
Eat Trash
Eat from Feeder
(Debug) Drink Puddle
Disappear
Shed Animal to 4 (debug)
Shed Animal to 3 (debug)
Shed Animal to 2 (debug)
Pen Animal to 1 (debug)
Pen Animal to 0 (debug)
Appear
Spit
Preen Idle (debug)
Shed - Stand
Shed - Sleep
Shed - Eat
Peck Idle (debug)
Move
Make Sound
In Home - Stand
In Home - Sleep
At Home - Sit
Help
Eat
Cute
(Debug) Cry
Confused
Aggressive