Who knew a book about llamas, beloved jewelry, and an affinity towards multiple brunches, would be so thrilling!
The only loss I feel is for myself. The last few hours will live on as a time spent tormented and bored to tears. 
Go see How to Lose a Llama in 10 Days. Was I just watching it? No. But it's highly underrated and people need to see it.
Tried something new and I'm regretting it now. Does this outfit look like I just faceplanted into a pile of clothes?
New outfit, new me! Check me out while I new boot scoot around! 
Feel free to stop and stare, I'm looking fresh to death!
While checking out they said &quot;Enjoy the clothes&quot;, to which I responded &quot;you too!&quot;. They didn't buy anything, I did.
Shopping is usually fun until the realization of how much you spent sets in.
Wow, thank you! I feel so loved! P.S. No one was pushed in front of a bus. Promise!
I about shopped 'til I dropped! Both my feet and my wallet are exhausted. But the haul was worth every Simoleon.
Since I hosted a party, does that mean people will expect me to host another? Do I have to do all of this AGAIN?!
When I say PARTY you say PARTY! PARTAYYY!!
I truly think I become the {F0.hostess}{M0.host} with the {F0.most-ess}{M0.most} tonight! My party will be the talk of the town.
I can't wait to make everyone pile in for a family photo! We have to remember these nights forever!
There's nothing worse than awkward silence and passive aggressive chewing during a family dinner.
Knowing that one day there will be less of us at this table is a thought I dread most.
Sharing a meal surrounded by loved ones fills me with such warmth. I adore these moments.
This tag is poking me...the music is loud...these shoes are pinching my feet. I regret coming to Prom, is that bad?!
I'm drowning in the soul crushing realization that my vacation is over and I have to return to real life! Why meee?!
Being away from home was so liberating! All my troubles just melted away.
Every time I take a vacation I feel like I'm forgetting something... Wait, did I leave the oven on?!
I've been bitten by the travel bug. Rain or shine, I'm itching to get out of here! Vacation awaits!
I can find inner peace just thinking about vacation. Can you imagine how zen I'll be once I'm actually on it?
It just dawned on me that with this ring comes wedding planning. There's so much to do! Where do I even start?
Being engaged has a nice ring to it, don't you think?
Can you say engaged? Cause I can!
I'm Engaged! Look at that sparkle! If you need me, I'll be spending the the day flashing my new bling around town.
Seeing us altogether at prom just makes me want to sob! I love everyone so much I don't want this night to end.
The wedding might be over, but now I need to get through the honeymoon!
Marriage, you know what that means. Guess who is never sleeping in a cold bed again.
I can't stop crying tears of joy! I've dreamt of this day for so long, and I'm so lucky to be with my one true love.
A misplaced laugh here, an awkward consolation there. How can anyone handle confronting mortality?
The haunting chill of death looms over us all! Who will be next?
To see such tragedy with my own eyes! A deep sorrow has now settled within me. I may never recover.
Today starts the next big chapter of my life with my forever person!
I've got a new bundle of joy lighting up my life. Diaper donations welcome.
Do you think my baby knows I have no idea what I'm doing?
Elated doesn't even begin to describe my emotions tonight. Prom is a dream come true!
I'm a proud {M0.Papa}{F0.Mama}! Is my baby the cutest baby in the world? You best believe it.
A successful day at work can really put you in a good mood. Today was not that kind of day. BRB, crying.
Wake up, grind, go home, rest. It's a steady routine and I am totally crushing it!
It feels good to spend the day productively. Work isn't always fun, but it is filled with tiny accomplishments.
All I do is wake up and go to work! When do I get to live life?!
That assignment is out of the way. Next class is going to be easy.
Homework's done. Now it's all me time.
This homework is worth .004% of my grade for the year. I can't relax not knowing what my grade will be.
These assignments are giving carpal tunnel. When will this torture end?!
One more day of my life wasted doing exercises from this blue book.  Will I ever finish?
It was a tough call but it was the right one for me. 
Crown or no crown, Prom is the best night ever!
Was dropping out the right thing to do? Will I regret this later?
Dropping out doesn't have to be a bad thing! I'm excited about the possibilities ahead of me.
Shoes, check! Fit, check! Hair, check! What else do I need for Prom?!
Did everyone know that loud typing was annoying? I'm over here clacking away completely oblivious!
I was totally in my element! I can feel my code getting better with each practice session.
Soon Prom will be over. I could swim in this spiral of misery forever. I'm not ready for this night to end.
I think I might regret going to Prom. It just isn't worth the pinchy shoes and crowded dancefloor.
I'm always distracted anytime I see {0.SimFirstName}. Learning can wait, I need to get my flirt on.
{0.SimName} Ribby wibs! Benzi chibna boof mik up frooby noop.
The heart wants what the heart wants, and this heart wants {0.SimFirstName}.
Call me Agnes Crumplebottom's purse, cause I'd hit on you, {0.SimFirstName}.
{0.SimFirstName}... Smash.
I get complete brainfreeze everytime I see {0.SimFirstName}. How can someone be so dreamy?!
Passing steamy looks across the room anytime I see {0.SimFirstName}. I need to get my flirt on.
We learned that the first ever programmer was the daughter of a Strangerville poet. Coolest story ever!
Someone punch my spine back into place. Being hunched over a computer for all of practice is giving me a hump.
I didn't realize how much strategy was involved and ended up looking more like a rookie than a rook in there.
I'd pawn my pawn for another practice session like that! I can really feel a sense of improvement.
Crushed the gambit! Three checkmates in a row makes me your {M0.King}{F0.Queen}.
Rusty? Check. Slow? Check. Feeling the haunting sense of imposter syndrome while being on this team? Checkmate.
I can't believe I killed the routine by dropping my pom poms mid kick... wait, pom poms? Is it pom poms or poms pom?
Not only did I boof the routine but I'm not even sure what the plural of a pom pom is! Is it poms pom? Or pom poms?
The team definitely puts the cheer in cheerleading. Smiling faces all around!
We hear it! We cheer it! We've got lots of pride and spirit! Ignite! Excite! Look at us, we're dynamite!
I'm a person and not a pretzel. I'm pretty sure my limbs aren't suppose to bend like that...
Half the fun of Prom is getting ready, right?
I should have read up on the rules. I thought getting a Safety was a good thing.
Earned &quot;{M0.King}{F0.Queen} of Fumbles&quot; today. Wish I could abdicate, hide my head in a pillow, and sleep until this is all over.
{0.SimFirstName} is now suspended from university. {M0.He}{F0.She} cannot register for courses for the next {1.Number} days.
{0.SimFirstName}'s suspension is over. {M0.He}{F0.She} may register for courses again.
Would you like to sign up for another term?
It's time to sign up for classes at {1.String}. If you do not sign up for another term, you can do so when you are ready on the phone or computer. However, if you do not sign up now, you will lose any current Scholarships.
Academic Probation
{0.SimName} is on academic probation. If {F0.she}{M0.he} doesn't improve {F0.her}{M0.his} grades this term, {F0.she}{M0.he} will be suspended and will lose any scholarships {F0.she}{M0.he} has! 
{0.SimFirstName} has learned that {1.SimFirstName} is majoring in {2.String} at {3.String}.
Graduation Tomorrow!
It's been quite a journey - {0.SimFirstName}'s graduation ceremony from {1.String} is tomorrow! Time to celebrate!
There's not much of this course left and I think you have a very good chance of failing it. I'm not sure what else to tell you at this point, other than to try to do more work earlier next time.
Your grades are on the cusp of failure, so I'd encourage you to take whatever time and work you have left in this course and focus your efforts if you want to pass this class.
I'm worried. You should have a better grasp of the material by now and your work has been lacking. If you want to pass this class, you need to set aside some time for studying these last few days of the term.
I'm worried that you haven't been putting the time or care into this class that it requires. You really need to buckle down if you want a good grade.
At this point, you need a strong final presentation to bring your grade back, so please spend some time working on it!
If you haven't already turned it in, you may be able to push your grade up a bit if you can put together a quality paper and turn it in on time.
If you haven't already turned it in, you may be able to push your grade up a bit if you can put together a quality presentation and present it in time.
At this point, you need a really strong final paper to bring your grade back, so please spend some time writing it!
You have a passing grade, so if that's all you need, you're good to go. If you have any remaining work or time to commit to the class, though, there is indeed room for improvement.
You're tracking a bit below average right now, and there isn't all that much time left. Finish strong and you should have nothing to worry about.
I'd say that you've fallen a bit behind the class average, but it's nothing a bit of studying, attendance, and attention to homework can't solve.
I honestly would have hoped for a bit more progress from you at this point, but you still have plenty of time to turn it around. Come to lectures with completed homework, and maybe spend a bit more time studying.
Something that'll ensure a strong finish is submitting a good final presentation, so make sure you plan for that!