It’s no longer girls-only now that Caliente matriarch Katrina has moved in her mooching boy toy, Don. With three fiery, attractive ladies in the house, will Don remain faithful or will he get involved with more than one Caliente woman?
Sultry Springside
Arid Ridge
Rio Verde
Raffia Quinta
Original Residential Lot from Oasis Springs.
Dusty Turf
Roomies
This household seems to have stepped right out of a TV sitcom. What wacky misadventures will the perky Zoe, easygoing Mitchell, uptight ladies’ man J, and intellectual Gavin suffer this week? Tune in and find out!
Cacti Casa
Springscape
Vista Quarry
Original Residential Lot from Oasis Springs.
Yuma Heights
Landgraab
The Landgraabs seem like the perfect family; wealthy, well-mannered, brilliant. But Nancy and Geoffrey are each hiding something. Will their secrets tear them apart or will they continue to build a wealthy dynasty?
Affluista Mansion
Pebble Burrow
Nookstone
Agave Abode
Original Residential Lot from Oasis Springs.
Sandtrap Flat
Zest
Johnny Zest has the stage name and the dream, but maybe not the talent... Disowned by the Landgraabs for quitting school, Johnny wants to make his own fame and fortune as a standup comedian.
Slipshod Mesquite
Sylvan Glade
Secret
PERFTEST_GD_GardenCommunity_01_LOT 5
PERFTEST
PERFTEST_GD_GardenCommunity_01_Lot4
PERFTEST
PERFTEST_GD_GardenCommunity_01_LOT 3
PERFTEST
PERFTEST_GD_GardenCommunity_01_LOT 2
PERFTEST
PERFTEST_GD_GardenCommunity_01_LOT 1
PERFTEST
Municipal Muses
Original Museum from Willow Creek.
The Blue Velvet
Original Nightclub from Willow Creek.
Movers &amp; Shakers
Willow Creek Archive
Original Library from Willow Creek.
BFF
Free spirit Liberty, cheerful Summer, and geeky Travis are unlikely friends, and nothing can come between these three. Except perhaps the growing feelings both Summer and Liberty have for Travis...
Garden Essence
Daisy Hovel
Crick Cabana
vehicleGCWBoatPaddlewhl_01
vehicleCoupe_01_shadow
vehicleCoupe_01_shadow
vehicleCoupe_01
vehicleCoupe_01 DNT
Urn
This might look like an urn to most, but they don’t get it, do they? The beauty of the urn is secondary; it’s what’s inside that counts.
twigs_bm
twigs_bm
Unlocked at level 10 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
Plasmatron 3000 Flat Screen TV
Mount this plasma-screen TV on your wall and you'll have better picture quality than your friends, your neighbors, even the local cinema. 
GeniusVision Wall-Mount TV
This 3DHDTV is so intelligent, it actually installs itself. Open the box and next thing you know, it’s there on the wall, playing your favorite show.  
InvisiView Flat-Screen HDTV
Blow minds and boggle guests with a TV so thin, it’s like the action is happening right on your wall. Brilliant hi-def image quality actually sharpens your vision, so you can set aside your glasses and simply enjoy the show.
The Festive Frame TV
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Cozy Celebrations Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nWith The Festive Frame TV you can impress your friends by showing how sophisticated you are by mounting this flat-screen TV, which doubles as a piece of art while it's off. When they are gone, turn it on and enjoy your shows or play console games on it.
Trusty Companion TV
This boxy device isn’t too special to look at, but you’re not watching it off. Flick the switch and presto-you already forgot its looks, didn’t you?
Been There, Watched That TV
This TV only gets a few channels, but it’s a great way to learn a second language, not to mention the mating habits of leopards. We’ve heard if you stretch a bra across the antennae, you can hear aliens, too.
PenguinVision Children's Television Set
Even when it's not on, this TV set is a sight to behold! Your youngsters will enjoy watching their favorite shows broadcasted from the belly of Pengie the Penguin.
Starlit Children's Wastebasket
GeniusVision Flat-Screen Television
This 3DHDTV is so brilliant, it knows what you want to watch before you do. Serving up all your favorite shows from the past, present, and future, it may hold you captive forever.
InstaVision Flat-Panel Television
This no-nonsense television gives you a decent picture at a price you can afford. Probably.
InvisiView Flat Panel Tabletop TV
Recommended by 9 out of 10 optometrists, this ultra-thin HDTV has an image so crisp, it actually improves your vision. We believe the 10th guy was paid off, but that’s a long story.
Steamed TV Stand
Harking back to the days of train travel, this charming television stand is made from old leather trunks and available in a variety of colors.
Indulgence TV Stand
Envelop your TV in old-fashioned country love. Crafted from poplar, painted and then attacked by feral cats, this handsomely antiqued TV stand will make you feel as if you've stepped back through time, until you watch something better.
The Shoehorn
A television stand that mimics the famous boomerang that knocked a world leader temporarily unconscious, this design brings even outdated electronics back to the future.

Royal Palm
Dramatic of profile and with over 2,500 species worldwide, the palm  is a symbol of victory and abundance.
Majestic Palm
Palm trees are low-maintenance ornamental trees that offer dramatic foliage and lend a tropical ambiance to any landscape.
Ponderosa Pine Tree
Bright green needles and a pleasantly pronounced fragrance distinguish these trees, which are particularly suitable as windbreaks and for erosion control.
Mesquite Tree
Not just a barbecue flavoring, mesquite is a drought-tolerant if rather thorny tree, making it a good landscaping choice for arid settings. 
Upright Cypress Tree
Plant a row of fast-growing cypress trees for an instant, evergreen privacy screen.
Slender Cypress Tree
Prune this fast-growing ornamental tree early and often for best landscaping results.