Build the perfect play space in a local park or backyard, then invite the neighbors over for a play date! Toddlers can make friends and let loose while parents facilitate the fun, tell stories, and grill up the kids’ favorite foods.
Jump into Fun
Toddlers can burn energy while having fun on the collection of playground objects. Tiny Sims can hop into the ball pit with a buddy, scoot down the slide, or scamper through colorful tunnels.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Urban Homage Kit
Forward Facing Throwbacks
Embrace a medley of stand-out colors and lively patterns! Iconic graffiti shirts, a bright bodysuit, and glamorous nails are just some of the options your Sim has for self expression.
Styles for the City
These modern looks are inspired by a time and place near and dear to Ebonix. They’re bold, unapologetic, and reflect a style Ebonix wanted to share with the Simmer community.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Bathroom Clutter Kit
Personalized Personal Space
Transform your Sim’s bathroom into an elegant retreat where they can escape life’s mayhem. Or, let that mayhem spill over into this space as well. With this kit you can create spaces that reflect the personalities of a variety of Sims.
A Family Room
This kit has something for everyone, from cute wall decals for kids to grandma’s dentures. Create a realistic picture of a family by adding little touches for all ages.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Secret Sanctuary Kit
Flawlessly Fashionable
These finely-tailored Italian-inspired fashions are polished, sophisticated, and feature classic silhouettes. It’s a cohesive collection that feels curated, as if hand-picked by someone with exquisite taste.
An Opulent Oasis
This is a private retreat featuring a mysterious hidden entrance, elegant antique vanity, charming tea set, and more high-end touches sure to delight Sims with a sense of refinement.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Spa Day
A day at the Spa
A new venue for all your Sims' self-care needs. Your Sims can enjoy all the accommodations alone or with the whole Household! Choose from pre-built ones on your Library, or build your own!
Get the Works!
A massage, maybe a steam session in the Sauna or a soak in a bath sound good? Complete your Spa Day with a Mani-Pedi that will leave your Sims feeling luxurious from head to toe.
Go with the flow with Yoga
Sims can attend AND teach Yoga at a Spa. Master every pose to hone your Sims' inner Wellness... and make some profit in the process.
Become one with Wellness
Sims can master their mind, body, and emotions. Wellness is a Skill your Sims can feel in tune with, and with 3 new Aspirations your Sims can unlock all pathways to Zen.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Vintage Glamour Stuff
Stunning Vintage Fashion
Outfit your Sims in old-Hollywood inspired fashion that’s as elegant as it is timeless. Accessorize with sparkling diamond jewelry and choose lust-worthy hairstyles that’ll have your Sim making a grand entrance wherever they go.
Dazzling Décor
Adorn your Sim’s home with luxurious art deco furnishings that feature mirrored surfaces and gold accents. Enjoy a night in by relaxing in front of the marble fireplace with a drink served from the handcrafted globe bar.
All-new Vanity Table
Quickly apply makeup that’ll last the evening or give your Sims a new look head to toe. Sims can use the vanity mirror to primp themselves before a night out or practice their flirty advances.
Hire a Personal Butler
Sims with high Wellness Skill can socialize with other Sims to help boost their emotions and control their motives!
Mastering Wellness Skill will enable your Sims to do advanced yoga poses and give a variety of great massages.
Sims getting bored while meditating? Try improving their Wellness Skill and bring them to enlightenment!
There are multiple varieties of Incense to try! Each one will make your Sim react in different ways, so try them all!
Interact with a Yoga Instructor to start a Yoga Class!
Thinking about getting some cute AND helpful animals? Call the Ranch Animal Exchange from the Home section of your Phone!
&lt;i&gt;Stirrup&lt;/i&gt; some dust with an &lt;b&gt;Intense Ride&lt;/b&gt; once you reach Level 2 &lt;b&gt;Horse Riding Skill&lt;/b&gt;.
It's &quot;pasture&quot; bedtime! You can purchase a &quot;Hay Now! Horse Bed&quot; in Build Mode.
Got a ranch question rattling around in your noggin? Check the neighborhood &lt;b&gt;Ranch Community Board&lt;/b&gt; or buy one from Build Mode for your lot!
Become the mane event by winning the Ultimate Horse Championship at the Hay Now! Equestrian Center.
Are you asking me &lt;i&gt;equestrian&lt;/i&gt;? &lt;b&gt;Lessons&lt;/b&gt; in the Options menu are the real know-it-all.
Howdy, &lt;i&gt;neigh&lt;/i&gt;bor!
Reticulating Equines
Hit the gym before attempting tricks on Lawn Water Slides. Your Sims' Fitness or Motor skill dictates how often they wipeout.
When adding seeds to the Bird Feeder, beware of the angry birds...
Wind Chimes: Metallic, Ceramic, and Bamboo... low, medium, and high pitches too! What can't they do?
A Voidcritter’s power level maxes out at 10 (definitely not 9000, there’s no way that could be right.)
Only children can see the true elemental powers of Voidcritters when they’re brought to life on the battle station.
Children can perform puppet shows to advance their Social skill. Higher Social skill allows them to perform new shows!
Each Voidcritter card has an alternate foil variant that can be found. Collect them all!
Join Leif and his friends as they do battle in the newest episode of Voidcritters; now airing on BEtween TV.
Try some new and delicious recipes like Cheese Eyeballs and the Zombie Cake that will delight your guests at any party!
Grab a treat from the Sugar and Spice Candy Bowl! Go ahead, it won’t bite… much.
The higher the Handiness Skill the more masterpieces your Sims can create with the Pumpkin Carving Station!
Ghost Sims can wear carved pumpkins on their heads. Oh the possibilities!
Llama fall and go boom?
Try diving off a Jumping Platform!
Rumor has it the Von Haunt Estate is, well, haunted.
Tired of swimming in boring old chlorinated water? Build Mode’s got you covered.
Head on down to The Bluffs for a chance at catching a glimpse of a sea monster. 
Show everyone your Clubs' style by setting a unique Club Outfit from the Club Panel.
You can purchase powerful Club Perks from the Club Panel!
Not feeling like joining any of the Clubs around town? Try creating your own Club using the Club Manager Panel!
Find out what happens when you drag things from your Sim’s Inventory into the Bonfire!
Sims are free to do things naked! Just make sure there are no kids around.
Try pairing up Sims you think are a good match! Select Hook Up With under Other Sims to do so.
A bush can come in handy when needing a nap... or a way to relieve one's bladder.
You can hire Sims to serve as staff on objects, like a DJ for the DJ booth.
Group Activities have never been easier to do! Form a Group under the Actions menu when clicking on Sims.
After setting a Club hangout, try customizing it to accommodate your Clubs' interests!
Check out the festival vending machines. Each has a special festival outfit and ultra rare Simmi capsules!
OK
I don't want free earbuds.
The Student Commons have delicious food at no cost to students, including those living in University Housing.
Mini Fridges have a place for Microwaves to sit on top for small living spaces.
Students who live in University Housing can purchase decorations from the University Kiosks.
Helping Henford-on-Bagley’s Villagers with their Errands may results in some special rewards!
Having a Henford Heart-to-Heart with the Villagers of Henford-on-Bagley is a great way to learn about the local gossip.
Visit the Creature Keeper in The Bramblewood to see what Animal Clothing is available today.
Spice up your cooking with the Simple Living Lot Challenge to make ingredients matter.
Welcome!
We're always excited to see you.
Switch It Up!
Play with different Sim personalities.
Play Nice? Nah.
Cause some mayhem today!
Pop Quiz!
Find your Sim Personality.
Take The Quiz
OOH!
Which Packs will you play with today?
Need a Challenge?
Try playing an Off The Grid lot!
What's New?
Stay up-to-date with the latest news on TheSims.com.