Every princess doll deserves a medieval-style castle complete with turrets, arrow slits and, of course, a dank, windowless dungeon (not pictured).
Home for Two Dollhouse
This small but loveable dollhouse was built perfectly for two dolls. They will never go hungry with such an amazing kitchen, okay maybe it's because they're toys, but we can pretend.
Share the stories of your miniature friends.
Washing your dishes by hand is a thing of the past! With The Professional Dish Laborer you don't need to dread an after party dish cleanup or your everyday dish duties. It combines performance and innovation with an attractive design. It's the closest we have seen to dishwasher perfection.
The Professional Dish Laborer
{S.Dirty Dish}{P.Dirty Dishes}
Sandy Mound
It's a mound of sand!
dirtMoundGENdirt placeholder name
dirtMoundGENdirt placeholder description
Carina Dining Hutch
Clean contemporary lines characterize this simple dining hutch. Glass doors keep the dust off your dinner plates. Geometry never looked so good.
Sea Princess Dining Hutch
Cups and saucers and chargers, oh my! This fully stocked dining hutch designed by Princess Cordelia is inspired by the very sea itself! The legs are modeled after the shape of an octopus tentacle and the top of the hutch is adorned with a seashell motif.
Mega Hutch
The real value in a hutch like this one is in the tiny scratches and tool marks that can only be found on handmade antiques. And thanks to the proprietary AI algorithms used by our furniture-assembling robots, they can recreate these imperfections with maximum precision.
Wainscott Gardens Dining Cabinet
The tastefully weathered wood shelving of this luxury dining cabinet displays your finest heirloom china for all your dinner party guests to properly envy.
Home is Where the Hutch Is
This towering monument declares your love for family, while offering a safe refuge for delicate heirlooms. Its powerful presence, looming height, and solid wood walls are designed to protect the most fragile of china, sheltering it and holding it high above the tumult of pets and tots. Never has china felt so secure, and so at home, in your home.
Dashing Displays Hutch
Display your affection for delicate fancies. The Dashing Displays Hutch features deep, welcoming shelves that tenderly cradle your finest china, while permitting your guests a peek at their most admirable assets. A solid double cabinet below shuts away other treasures, creating an air of delicious mystery.
MK-2001 Bookshelf
A mysterious slab found near a band of chimpanzees has been carved into a unique bookshelf sure to draw attention!
The Centurion
With every piece of furniture art designed by Reclamation Homeware, our goal is to remind people of all nations exactly what the human mind is capable of. The Centurion is no exception. It is impossible to gaze upon it and not shed a tear in awe of humanity's achievements.
Lacquered Up Console
Sleek, glossy finishes tell the world that you’re modern and sophisticated. But secretly, you can be a sloppy mess--you just clean up well.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Writer career while in the Journalist branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Writer career while in the Journalist branch.
Antique Writer's Desk
Once owned by legendary scribe H. Reginald Fairechilde, author of the seminal novel “The Pruning of Memories Future.” Legend holds that this desk was his inspiration…
Unlocked at level 3 of the Secret Agent career.
Unlock by reaching level 3 of the Secret Agent career.
Reconnaissance Workstation
Good-guy technology that's as much fun as bad-guy gadgets, featuring many urgent flashing lights and switches for use in battling the most dedicated supervillains. 
Unlocked at level 6 of the Astronaut career.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Astronaut career.
Mission Control
Loaded with bright buttons and twinkling lights, this space program console will display all relevant project data from liftoff to landing. T minus ten seconds and counting…
All-Purpose Desk
Whether working on her log books, writing a great sea adventure, designing some new furniture, or writing in her diary about how dreamy her pirate boyfriend was, Princess Cordelia used a desk identical to this one regularly. A great marble slab kept her pen flowing smoothly. And if you don't use a pen, like most modern day humans, it is a great place to put your computer.
Mega Desk
A desk shouldn’t be a glorified shelf covered with junk. It should be a workstation! With its simple lines and sturdy construction, this antique desk truly inspires hard work. Why, you’ll work just as hard on it as our assembly line of robot arms worked building it!
Knowledge Console by Kindermade
The Knowledge Console by Kindermade is a great place for kids to write, study, and prepare themselves for a future of working at a station very similar to this one for hours and hours every day.
Drafting Desk
Remember what they say:  &quot;From a messy desk comes the most creative work.&quot;  Yes “they” are manufacturers of messy desks, but doesn’t it just sound true?  
Break up with your hard drive. This lightning-fast all-in-one computer has all the processing power you need, in one wonderfully wireless Web-savvy machine. Surf’s up!
Ghostwriter Disappearing Desktop
This powerful computer is so slim and light, you almost don’t know it’s there.
computerDesktop_bm
computerDesktop_bm
Treasure Map
An old, worn roll of paper with cryptic markings smudged with dirt. It might be a good idea to keep this in your Sim's inventory before they start digging!
Special Time Capsule
A time capsule left behind by a time traveling thief!
Time Capsule
It's always fun to open a time capsule and catch glimpses of times past.
Whirlyflower Frog
Also called the Daisy Frog, this specimen is well known for its bright voice and sunny disposition.
Bullseye Frog
Named for its slight resemblance to a bull's eye, this frog is known to have a natural fear of bows and arrows.
Eggplant Whirl Frog
Egglant Whirl Frogs are known for being fickle and sarcastic.
HypnoFrog
Ancient tribespeople in the jungle are known for licking the HypnoFrog. Apparently it tastes like apples.
Dirtwhirl Frog
The Dirtwhirl Frog is often found spinning in circles in mud puddles.
Tiger Frog
Unlike its namesake, the Tiger Frog does not have teeth. Or fur.
Striped Heart Frog
Traditionally, this frog has been kept as a pet by barbers.
Striped Eggplant Frog
The Striped Eggplant Frog is prone to violent outbursts. No one's sure why.
Striped Leaf Frog
Its skin is the height of camouflage as this frog feeds on the Striped Leaf Insect.
Striped Dirt Frog
The Striped Dirt Frog, despite its homely looks, is actually considered to be the top of the Dirt Frog hierarchy.
Sunsurfer Frog
The Sunsurfer Frog is not only yellow but also evokes the visual waves of heat rising on a hot day.
Heartsurfer Frog
Love keeps this little red guy riding the waves.
Surfer Eggplant Frog
The Surfer Eggplant Frog is well known in warm climates with gnarly beaches.
Surfer Leaf Frog
This frog is proud of its green colors and skill hangin' ten.
Dirtsurfer Frog
This frog’s name comes not from its rippling earth-tone skin, but from a love for sand-boarding.
Spotted Eggplant Frog
The majestic Spotted Eggplant Frog flaunts plum-colored speckles and ironically dislikes veggies.
Spotted Dirt Frog
The mud-colored speckling of this amphibian provides excellent camouflage in chocolate pudding.
Sunflower Frog
Long, sunny days sipping lemonade gives this frog its brilliant golden color.
Heart Frog
Thanks to its brilliant coloring, the Heart Frog has been given as a token of affection for years.
Eggplant Frog
The deep purple of this amphibian has contributed to its popularity among collectors and royal families the world over.