Talking lizards? Chess-playing hamsters? Whomever you may host, this specially-designed sofa will comfortably seat you and your tiny friends alike!
The Illumination
The body may rest where it pleases, but what of the mind and the spirit? Fret not. When we at Reclamation Homeware designed The Illumination, our goal was nothing short of Whole Restoration. It will soothe your very soul so thoroughly you won’t even detect the smell of the tightly pressed, rotten cardboard from which it is constructed.
The Lil' Jony Sofa (Fake!)
We were under quite a lot of pressure by the Lil' Jony Preservation Society to include a matching sofa to The Lil' Jony living chair. But Lil' Jony never sat on a sofa! And her pigs sure as hellfire didn't like sofas! How can they call themselves the LJPS when they spread fallacies such as this! It's an outrage!! But fine, the matching Lil' Jony Sofa... hope you're happy LJPS, we hope you’re happy…
sitPoolEdgeFootprint_01
sitPoolEdgeFootprint_01
sitPoolEdge_bm
sitPoolEdge_bm
sitPoolEdge_01
sitPoolEdge_01 placeholder description
Captain Rodrigo De Pablo Ottoman
Princess Cordelia’s third pirate boyfriend, Captain Rodrigo De Pablo suffered several injuries aboard the submarine. One leg got stuck in a pressurized air hatch, crippling him severely. Princess Cordelia designed this Ottoman for him to rest his leg and peg leg while enjoying a warm fire together. The peg unfortunately caught fire. At least he never suffered a broken heart.
Intimate Ottoman
Rest your feet on our Intimate Ottoman and everything else will follow! Irresistibly downy, with fabric as soft as a thousand butterflies' wings, this comfy, spacious and remarkably sturdy ottoman is prepared to support all of you, and one or two friends, as well.
 Balanjar Teak Two-Seater Bench
Call it a loveseat for the out of doors. This comely bench comfortably accommodates two people for an intimate picnic date. 
Squarely There Modern Loveseat
Sleek clean lines square off with comfy cushioned seating in this contemporary loveseat. So neutral, you almost forget it’s there!
Cuttlefish Love Seat
Cuttlefish are interesting little creatures. They have a flow-y, oddly-shaped body with tentacles that hang down. Seeing cuttlefish for the first time, Princess Cordelia knew she had to make a love seat based on their unique form! (She also liked the idea of cuddling on a cuttlefish love seat.) 
Ocean’s Current Loveseat
Love can be a fickle thing, sweeping in and out as if with the tides, especially when you are royalty. Princess Cordelia designed the Ocean’s Current Loveseat in tender acknowledgment of this truth. Swirling embellishments embrace its occupants: the Princess and her current love.
Mega Loveseat
We had to convince our robots to build a 2-person sofa, as they decided that 3-person sofas were more efficient. They changed their minds once we explained the value of cuddling with someone special and then triggered the override switch on their decision cortex. You can’t teach a robot to love, but you can teach it to build a loveseat!
Love is in the Air Seat
Enjoy the fresh air with someone you love! This beautiful wrought-iron bench is just the right size for an open-air rendezvous in the intimacy of your patio or garden.
Unabashed Loveseat
We are only as strong as the truth, so this loveseat bares all: raw, crate-wood walls, exposed rivets and metal bracing-all supporting a supple interior of unsubdued comfort.
Cozofa
Looking to cozy up to that special someone? The Cozofa is on your side. It’s perfectly designed to bring two people closer together, because of its unparalleled comfort, and because three people will not fit on it.
Size-Sensitive Loveseat
Talking lizard? Chess-playing hamster? Whomever you may host,  this specially-designed loveseat will comfortably seat you and your tiny friend alike!
The Epiphany
Comfort affords a clarity of thought that allows us to weave the people, places, and moments of our memories into a grand tapestry that carpets our path into the future. Visualize your past, present, and future on The Epiphany from Reclamation Homeware. Built for comfort. Built from trash.
Must Be Loveseat
It’s so utilitarian, you’d almost rather sit in each other’s laps to avoid contact with it.
The Fun-Fun Inflatable Set, Part Two
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nComfort meets convenience with the Fun-Fun Inflatable Set, Part Two!\n\nDesigned to foster a relaxed atmosphere. Its soft contours and light material make Part Two perfect for lounging, napping, or kicking back for a playful night of movies and popcorn!
Reupholstered Mahogany Loveseat
Lazy days await with this reupholstered mahogany loveseat. Note the hand-carved wood detailing, the breathable fabric, and... the pillows. Those perfectly puffable pillows.
Portable Lounge Chair
Plastic, portable, and perfect for the poolside or patio.
Outdoor Lounger
I am inspector seven, and I lounge around all day.\n&#xA;I lounge upon your loungers, in my preferred lounge array.\n&#xA;If happy with the loungers lounging then obligated I am to say,\n&#xA;This loungers lounging is lounge-able for loungers from every way.
Lap of Luxury Modern Chair
Firm. Stable. Singular. Unless you want more than one.
Unlocked at level 4 of the Writer career.
Unlock by reaching level 4 of the Writer career.
Wall Vent of No Particular Distinction
Ducts and vents never get any respect. They deliver both hot and cool air as needed and with nary a thank-you. You owe your duct this stylish yet practical metal vent.
Geometric Towel Rack
The severe beauty of this hypogeometric towel rack is a must for those still in the sway of modern architecture's harsh corners and unwavering lines.
Starq Towel Rack
Simple but hardly unassuming, this rack will hold your towels but never coddle them.
Unlocked at level 5 of the Writer career.
Unlock by reaching level 5 of the Writer career.
An Open Book, Framed
Book lovers everywhere will adore this literary tome surrounded by an ornate wood frame. The perfect gift for the librarian in your life.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Secret Agent career.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Secret Agent career.
Tactical Map
A rugged metal frame encases this wartime tactical map. Hang it in your house to track your kids, pets, or even those pesky sims you are trying to avoid.
Unlocked by completing a birthday party at Silver level or higher.
Unlock by completing a Birthday Party at Silver level or higher.
Balloons and a Banner
No party is complete without balloons! The colorful banner is just icing on the cake. You didn't forget the cake, did you?
Positronic Pro Magnetic Knife Rack
They say that opposites attract, but this wall-mounted knife rack is right up your alley. It frees up valuable counter real estate while our Positronic technology keeps your blades sharp.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Criminal career while in the Oracle branch or level 8 of the Secret Agent career while in the Diamond Agent branch.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Criminal career while in the Oracle branch or reach level 8 of the Secret Agent career while in the Diamond Agent branch.
Spy Satellite
A durable and fully functional satellite dish ready to capture radio and television signals from any sim in the world, and maybe even further.
Large Award Ribbon 
You won first prize and all you got was this oversized ribbon to hang on your wall.
Curated Cork Board
This isn't just any cork board. It's a well-considered art installment. With flyers and sticky notes and things.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Culinary career while in the Mixologist branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Culinary career while in the Mixologist branch.
Vinoteca Bottle Rack
This wall-mounted vertical bottle rack is so sleek, so stylish, you risk leaving your hand-selected vintages in place lest you disturb the visual order of their arrangement.
Sea Star Hand Towel Ring
Stellar as an accompaniment to the Sea Star Bath Towel Holder or as a standalone accent for your guest bath, the Sea Star Hand Towel Ring was designed by Princess Cordelia to replicate a sea star’s powerful grip. It can withstand any amount of tugging, even by untamed pirates.
Sea Star Bath Towel Holder
Princess Cordelia had mixed feelings about sea stars, but she did admire their stick-to-itiveness. These royal towel holders have unparalleled grip, and make a stellar addition to any head or loo.
Polly Wants a Plate Tree
Princess Cordelia’s pirate boyfriends were all quite fond of their parrots. Every time she acquired a new boyfriend, he commissioned a plate in his parrot’s honor. After her final romance withered, the Princess was stuck with a pile of plates, so she put them in a golden tree and hung it on the galley wall. 
Goldora Dove Décor
When you can’t see the sky, you start to miss everything in it: the sun, moon, stars and birds, of course. Longing for the gentle doves that used to alight outside her window, Princess Cordelia sketched these doves to be crafted from bars of gold. The modern version has been cost-reduced and is made of Goldora instead. 
Mega Wall Hanging
When tasked with creating the Mega Wall Hanging, our robots arrived at this masterful employment of both three straight lines and one curved line, evoking all the complex emotions wrought by the greatest church windows, surf boards and ironing boards of our time. Simple. Yet indescribably profound.
Mega Wall Hunk
This octagonal wooden hunk truly gives your home an old fashioned feel. In fact, we programmed our robots to calculate, to within .0001 percent, the most antiquated wall art they could produce. And they came up with this stump! More “caveman” than “arts and crafts,” but hey-our robots always go above and beyond.
The Affirmation
Look below the surface of things, and there, you will discover their essence. This body? It’s molded from infinite oneness. The mind? It’s birthed from higher consciousness. That shelf? It’s shaped from rusted car parts and old diapers. The Affirmation. Set your bar stuff on the surface of essential trash.
Ordinary Things Shadowbox Display
You may not be much of a collector, but PostRustic believes you should be able to fake that particular funk with a display that turns regular junk into a work of art.
RAW Cookware Collection
New from PostRustic, this cookware set comes with its only display rack to ensure your guests know you're cooking in style.
Terminus Reclaimed Pipe Towel Rack