Hipster
Country
BoHo
Formal Modern
Gala
Add Club Members
Select up to {0.Number} {S0.Sim}{P0.Sims} to add
Gather at {3.String}
Stay Here
Where should {0.SimFirstName} and {M0.his}{F0.her} fellow Club members gather?
Club Gatherings can only be held at venues and residences owned by {2.String} members!
Club Gatherings are not available here. Sims will have to travel to another venue or to one of {2.String}'s members' residences and gather there.
Motor Skill is essential for all children, but beyond simply enabling them to walk, run, and jump, Motor Skill can be focused on to build early muscles and prepare for a lifetime of fitness.\n\n Motor Skill can be built on monkey bars and jungle gyms.
Mischief
Want to playfully cause petty annoyance? Of course! Who doesn't? Get this skill!
Logic
Unlocking this skill grants you proficiency in the art of being wrong with confidence.
Cooking
Anyone can cook, but Sims who are epicurious will benefit from spending a little extra time and attention in the kitchen.\n\nCooking skill is built primarily by cooking with the fridge, stove, and counter. Increasing this skill will unlock new Cooking Tricks, Moodlets, and Recipes.
Handiness

Programming
Want to be a caffeine-addled programmer with no restraint? Become a hacker!
Guitar
For My One and Only
Spline On
Down the Road
Gourmet Cooking
Almost anyone can cook, but only those with the Gourmet skill can cook like a boss.
Gardening
Charisma
The ability to be friendly with others is truly a special gift. You don't have it yet. Meanie.
Fitness
Get off the couch. Take a run. Get your heart racing. Or not.
Creativity allows your imagination to run wild.  This skill is currently locked.  I guess you're a stick in the mud.
Using imagination is one of the hallmarks of childhood, and developing that imagination can pay big dividends in the future.\n\nThe Creativity skill can be developed on the activity table as a child sim and an easel as an adult. Increasing this skill will unlock new Activity Table Drawings, Dollhouse Interactions, and Socials!
Comedy
As soon as one realizes that everything is a joke, being a comedian is the only thing that makes sense.
Social
Motor
Mental
Creativity
Chess
Mixology
Mixing drinks and making small talk seems easy enough, but the right proportions of juices and the right amount of chatter is a subtle skill. Mixologists primarily use the bar. Increasing this skill will unlock the ability to make new Drinks, Perform Bar Tricks, and new social interactions!
This Sim's household is too big.
Water has been shut off; pay your bills.
Power has been shut off; pay your bills.
The Alto water company has shut off the water to your house. Pay your bills to get it turned back on.
The Landgraab Power Company has shut off the power to your house.  Pay your bills to get it turned back on.
You have {0.Number} {S0.hour}{P0.hours} to pay your bills before your water is shut off.
You have {0.Number} {S0.hour}{P0.hours} to pay your bills before your power is shut off.
Give Career Advice
Schmooze
Thank For Invitation
Thank For Coming
Just Start Crying
Listen to {1.SimFirstName}'s Question
Be Heckled
Stress Over Dinner Party
Cry about Dinner Party
Complain about Dinner Party
Brag about Dinner Party
Compliment Wedding
Compliment Home
Compliment Food
Be Cheered For
Chat with {1.SimFirstName}
Call Guests to Eat
Call off the Wedding
Be Slapped
Be Kissed
Chat
Be Hugged
Ask to Leave
Cannot start a Date while a Social Event is already in progress or while working.
Recall a Sad Moment
Recall a Romantic Moment
Recall an Inspiring Moment
Recall a Happy Moment
Recall a Confident Moment
Recall an Angry Moment
Partner
This relationship is tense. Things are likely to go awry!
Disliked
Dire foes who will stop at nothing to bring misery to the other. 
Nemesis
Has Met (should not be seen)
This is a solid relationship built on trust and great memories.
Good Friends
Frustrated Ex
A friend will always be there for a kind word. 
Friend
Engaged
Things have gone awry with this relationship. Can it be salvaged?
Despised
Despised Ex
Broken Up
These two are the best of friends with a nearly unbreakable bond.
Best Friends