Only one Sim remains in the household - a lonely way to spend the holidays
No Hard Feelings
Sims are friends without any negative Sentiments
Love to Hate You
Sims are romantically involved as Enemies with Benefits
Break-ups are tough, but there’s plenty of Sims in the sea... or within the household!
Finding Love After a Breakup
A messy breakup is even messier for Sims who live together. As tensions run high and grudges unfold, can these Sims find anything worth salvaging in their relationship? Or is it time to cut losses and find new love? 
Sims must not be related to each other
Better Together
Forever Friends
Rock Solid Romance
Will an argument grate away at your wedding plans, or will cheesy romantic gestures melt the tension?
Engaged in Conflict
An engaged couple is rethinking their relationship after a huge fight about how to make grilled cheese. A total meltdown over something so trivial might indicate deeper problems. Will cheesy romantic gestures and heartfelt conversations melt the tension before their wedding day?
Happily Ever After?
Sims get married but have unresolved negative Sentiments between them
Recommitted
Sims get married and have no negative Sentiments between them
(Secret Outcome) Soulmates
Sims get married and have no negative Sentiments between them, and their relationship is super solid as Soulmates!
Cold Feet
Sims break up during the wedding
On Second Thought
Sims break up before the wedding
Highflier Trait
Nova's story begins...
Nova Curious was one of the best programmers in college, and nothing will stop her from shining at a new job! Well, someone might. Lewis: top programmer in her class, who overshadowed her during their uni years. Now that she wants to start her professional life, there's no way she'll bump into him again... right?\n\nYou can find more information about Scenarios in Lessons under the &quot;Live Mode&quot; Category.
Join the Tech Guru Career
Help two precocious but unruly children grow into responsible teenagers
Parenting Predicaments
Two happy-go-lucky young parents are at a loss for what to do with their rambunctious, unruly children. Can they cultivate the right environment for their children to thrive, and support their children towards becoming teenagers on the right track?
Re-Traiting Potion
The Martinez family's story continues...
Pablo and Jennifer are two happy-go-lucky young parents that are at a loss for what to do with their rambunctious, unruly children. Can you cultivate the right environment for their children to thrive, and support their children towards becoming teenagers on the right track?\n\nYou can find more information about Scenarios in Lessons under the &quot;Live Mode&quot; Category.
Inspired Explorer Trait
Farrah is New in Town...
Explore the town, make new friends, and throw an amazing housewarming party!
New in Town
Moving to a new place can be scary—especially if you don't know anyone there—but it can also be a great adventure! Help Farrah explore her new home, make some friends, and throw a moving-in-party that will be the talk of the town!
Farrah, a freelancing digital artist, has just moved to a new town. She doesn't know anyone! Help her explore her new home, meet some people, and throw the best moving-in-party ever! Fingers crossed, she’ll make some life-long friends along the way; maybe she’ll even meet the Sim of her dreams…\n\nYou can find more information about Scenarios in Lessons under the &quot;Live Mode&quot; Category.
Super Rich Supervillain
Working as a Secret Agent can make a Sim cynical about the world, but it also means a lot of time spent wearing glamorous clothing, playing high-stakes poker, and being very picky about how your drinks are prepared. But will they settle for just being suave and wealthy, or will they turn into villains?
Super Rich Supervillain
Have 500,000 Simoleons while in the Villain branch of the Secret Agent career
Renegade
Entered Diamond Agent branch instead of becoming a Villain
Making a fortune is great, but you know what's even better? Stealing one.
Making Money
This Sim moved to a new place and started off without a single Simoleon in their bank account. Starting with nothing other than a dream of one day being fabulously wealthy, can this Sim figure out a way to make millions? Or are they destined to go from rags… to rags?
Have 1 million Simoleons (§1,000,000)
Who said Sims need to be skilled to make it in life? Time to prove your street smarts!
No Skills, No Problem
A Sim cannot seem to get skillful at... well, anything! It’s made everything more difficult, from relationships to holding a steady job, and, as a result, they’ve had to figure out ways to work harder or smarter than everyone else. Can this unskilled Sim figure out how to hack life and earn some sweet Simoleons?
Scrappy Sim
Have 400,000 Simoleons
Started from the bottom, now we're... millionaires! Work your way to one million Simoleons.
Millionaire
Who’s ready for 2022? Time to turn your new year resolutions into Simoleons!
New Year New Hustle
It’s never too late to start a new hustle. After making a New Year’s resolution to focus on building marketable skills, can a Sim channel that momentum and keep making big changes for a more prosperous future?
Skills for Success
Have §25,000 and reach level 5 of a skill
Climbing Career Ladder
Reach level 3 of a career
Controlling emotions can be taxing… Especially when there are so many that can be experienced!
In The Moodlet
Working in Retail can be so stressful! Some Sims just have the worst luck and get all the rude customers. Can this Sim leave their problems at work and unwind at home?
Self-Care
Control your Sim's emotions and complete all the goals!
Frog Fact #1: Frogs can’t eat and keep both their eyes open at the same time!
Frog Fanatic
A Sim is frantically trying to gather all the frog facts of the world. After all, frogs are ribbiting creatures that can be used for a whole slew of things…even breeding! This frog fanatic toad-ally cannot wait to hop right into the nearest pond and collect all the frog friends. Can you catch them all?
Overachiever
Entire Frog Collection complete
Frog-otten Friends
Complete all the goals and find all the frog friends!
Is this relationship a joke? Only you can write the punchline!
Rom-Com
Two engaged Sims have a great friendship, but the romance has died. &quot;It's Complicated&quot; doesn't even begin to describe their relationship. Can an aspiring comedian find humor in their personal life, make it big in showbiz, AND keep their personal life from falling apart?
Sims must be engaged to each other
Live, Laugh, Love
A Sim makes it to the Comedian branch of the Entertainer career and got their initial romantic relationship to Lovers or greater
Rom-Com Happy Ending
A Sim makes it to the Comedian branch and is currently Soulmates with their initial partner
Comedy and Tragedy
A Sim makes it to the Comedian branch of the Entertainer career and broke up with their initial partner
Spotlight for One
A Sim makes it to the Comedian branch but their initial partner has moved out or is deceased
What mysteries does the Forbidden Fruit hold? Have a taste to start living the PlantSim life!
Plant-a-Sim
A Sim has recently acquired the mysterious Forbidden Fruit of the PlantSim. What harm could come from taking a bite? It's not like you're going to magically turn green, sprout leaves and begin your life as a PlantSim!? Can the Sim reach their best Plant-self before time runs out?
Wilted
Sim did not turn into a PlantSim before Wilting
Live the PlantSim Life
{0.SimFirstNameList} were dropped off by the Nanny. Hopefully the vacation was a pleasant one!
During lunch period, the high schoolers worked together to get some of their homework done.
During their free time the children worked together to get a head start on their homework.
I'm off to work. Stop by {4.String} if you can.
I need to get ready for work. You'll probably find me at {4.String}.