Fits Criteria
Coworkers
Clubs
Business
All
Sort by Profit
Profit
Total Profit:
Sell
Vet Perks
Your Sim does not meet the proper age requirements or this item has already been claimed.
Rewards Store
Retail Perks
Perk Name
Objects
Clothing
Perk Points Cost
Display
Default
3D Scene Resolution:
Controls overall graphics quality and advanced settings below.
Adjusts the quality of swarm particles.
Controls how far out the world is drawn
Syncs pageflip to refresh rate.  May reduce visual tearing.
Enables using uncompressed Sim textures.
Adjusts the level of detail on Sims.  Higher settings may impact game performance.
Adjusts the window size and graphical resolution.  Choose a resolution that matches the aspect ratio of your monitor.
Adjusts the number of times the image is drawn to the screen.  If the refresh rate is too low, you may see a flicker.
Disabled in windowed mode.
Adjusts the quality of reflections on water and mirrors.  Higher settings may impact game performance.
Enables global focus, lighting, and shadowing effects.
Adjusts the level of detail on objects.  Higher settings may impact rendering performance.
Adjusts the quality of lighting and shadows.  Higher settings may impact rendering performance.
Enables faster rendering and reduces visual quality.
DirectX 9 is not supported in Memory Boost mode. To access this option, deactivate Memory Boost.
Launch the game with DirectX 9.
Adjusts the anti-aliasing.  Higher settings make edges appear softer, but also may reduce rendering performance.
Adjusts the primary display mode of the game to Fullscreen, Windowed, or Windowed Fullscreen.
Adjusts the 3D object resolution (without reducing UI resolution).  Lower settings improve framerate.
Tutorial:
Neighborhood Stories
All Neighborhood Stories configurations for My Households, Other Households, and any individual Sim Households will be reset to defaults. Are you sure you want to reset? This action cannot be undone.
Reset Custom Configurations
Neighborhood Stories
While enabled, Neighborhood Stories will trigger life changes for Households and individual Sims that are not currently being played. Configure which types of life changes are allowed by going to the Manage Households menu. Independently customize configurations for all of My Households, Other Households, or specific Sim Households.\n\nUncheck this box to disable Neighborhood Stories completely.
Enable Neighborhood Stories
Sims and Households that are Inactive (not currently being played) may undergo life changes according to Neighborhood Stories configurations in Manage Households.
Traditional Social Menu:
Hide Challenge UI
Long
Normal
Short
Show Wants &amp; Fears:
Show Adopted Sims
If selected, Sims can trigger a Scandal by revealing a secret or by being caught engaging in scandalous behavior in public.
Reset Tutorial
Allow Romantic Invites and Requests:
Allow Friendly Invites and Requests:
Allow Automatic Breakups:
If disabled, other Sims will not try to extort Sims in the Active Household.
Allow Extortion on Active Sim
When enabled, the Noble Career will automatically promote Sims at the end of the workday if promotion requirements are met.
If disabled, Sims in the Noble Career must claim their promotions using a throne object when all promotion requirements are met.
Enable Noble Career Auto Promotion
A higher limit on Sims could lead to an increase of load times, especially on slower machines.
{0.Number} Max Recommended
Unlimited
Unlimited Setting Warning
Setting the Maximum Sim Count to Unlimited will severely impact game speed and load times. It may lead to game crashes.\n\nAre you sure?
Maximum Sim Count:
Lifestyles:
Sim Lifespan:
Sims 4
Performance Alert
Raising the Maximum Sim Count and adding Sims will slow game speed and load times.\n\nAre you sure?
If disabled, the &lt;b&gt;Make Heirloom&lt;/b&gt; interaction will be hidden from heirloom eligible objects.
Enable Heirloom Creation
If disabled, Scandals cannot be Exposed.
Enable Scandals
Enable Lessons:
Auto Age (Played Households):
Allow Burglar Visits
Disable Autonomy for Selected Sim:
If enabled, the Inventory of a previously played Sim will remain with the Ghost upon death. If disabled, a dialog will show at the Sim's Moment of Death with the various options available for their Inventory.
Automatic Death Inventory Handling:
{0.Number}/{1.Number}
Sim Count:
12-Hour Clock:
Full
Medium
Off
Autonomy settings are disabled while the tutorial is active.
Autonomy:
Auto Age (Unplayed Households):
Only Active Household
No
Yes
Enables the legacy style pie menu, grouping actions by type rather than by contextual relevance.
Hides the challenge UI for the currently active challenge only. May only be changed while a challenge is active.\n\nYou may continue to participate in a challenge even with the UI hidden.
Enabling this shows Wants over the Sim's head in the bottom left corner of the screen. Additionally, allows Fears to be applied to the Sims.