Known for its razor-sharp teeth and voracious appetite, the hedera canariensis is as deadly as it is green. Luckily, this version has been neutered into a harmless plant for landscaping your home.
Hedera Canariensis - Curved
Known for its razor-sharp teeth and voracious appetite, the hedera canariensis is as deadly as it is green. Luckily, this version has been neutered into a harmless plant for landscaping your home.
When we got these as seeds, we thought they were orchids. Each time one bloomed, we said, “Oops, a daisy!”
Malva - Triangle
This flower flares with personality. You might even say that it’s quite a looker. Maybe even to the point of being callous.
Malva - Square
This flower flares with personality. You might even say that it’s quite a looker. Maybe even to the point of being callous.
Malva - Curved
This flower flares with personality. You might even say that it’s quite a looker. Maybe even to the point of being callous.
Perennial Hydrangea - Triangle
This flower will last far into the future. Thousands of years, no doubt. &quot;Perennial&quot; indeed.
Perennial Hydrangea - Square
This flower will last far into the future. Thousands of years, no doubt. &quot;Perennial&quot; indeed.
Perennial Hydrangea - Curved
This flower will last far into the future. Thousands of years, no doubt. &quot;Perennial&quot; indeed.
Molten Volcano Flowers
Add drama to any space with these immense, fiery red-orange blossoms ringed in flame yellow. Extinguish with water when done.
Oopsa Daisies
Head to Head Sunflowers
Firstborn Sunflower
Pretty Little Ditties
Enrobe your garden in dainty pastel beauty with these fabulous flowering plants. Swoon over their delicate aroma, but watch your head on the planter on the way down.
Low-Lying Pale Yellow Flowers
Dappled with sunny flowers, this lovely shrub is secretly a slug repellent. Watch them sizzle and shrivel to a crisp. 
Low-Lying Palm Plant
It’s like a little touch of the tropics crawled in and took residence at your house.
Bulbous Bush
A sphere worth celebrating.
Hedge Row
Hedge rows are quite practical for dividing yards, creating mazes and writing messages large enough for aliens to read.
Assorted Wildflowers
Grow a garden as untamed as you! These feral flowers are Mother Nature’s masterpiece. Why try to outdo her?
Sunrose Bush
Like bright bursts of sunshine, this merry shrub adds splendor to one’s garden and joy to one’s heart.
Dull Daisies
Add interest to your garden with the dullest daisies ever created. Cultivated by botanist Anna Grump after the death of her fifth husband, these rare daisies are the crowning glory of her illustrious career.
Blue Hydrangea Flowers
Bright and beautiful, just like you, hydrangeas can actually be quite fickle, changing color at the least provocation. Unlike others, ours stay blue, or so we’ll say for now.
Hedge Full of Flowers
Line your garden with dollops of color, as if the diverse wonders of nature were dripping daintily onto your pretty hedge.
Wild Grass
Born to be wild, this grass defies mowing, in case you were actually thinking of getting off the couch.
Lovely Lavender Bush
Known for its vigorous growth, this domineering beauty is hard to keep within bounds. Tend it with care, or it’ll take over more than your yard.
Lovely Lavender Hedge
Surround yourself in fragrant romance with a delightful hedge of lavender. 
High Hedge
Kind of like a “Keep Out” sign, just…leafier.
Dome Full of Flowers
It's like someone took the (distinctly more orb-shaped) shrub full of flowers, and squashed it a bit! What a lovely little dome this is.
Perceptive Perennial Flowers
These little flowers sure have seen it all. But they aren't judging you! At least, not entirely.
Pink Azalea Flowers
Otherwise known as the Aphrodite azalea, this pink-petalled beauty is rumored to throw visitors into fits of passion. Enhance your garden with its splendor, but accept that it’s prone to wander.
Unkempt Shrubbery, Wide
An even better privacy shield than its taller companion, this bushy bush not only prevents snooping, it discourages upstanding citizens from actually wanting to know. 
Unkempt Shrubbery, Tall
The best way to keep neighbors out of your business? Shrubs in the shape of the last neighbor, slightly overgrown.
The Convenient Bush
Having a well-placed bush to do things in is pretty convenient.
Not-Grass Grass &lt;i&gt;Sans Inflorescence&lt;/i&gt;
Who stole the flowers from this Not-Grass Grass? Oh well, marketing it as &lt;i&gt;sans inflorescence&lt;/i&gt; makes it sound fancy, and people will pay a premium for that!
Leaning Not-Grass Grass
Is this Not-Grass Grass leaning towards something, or leaning away from something? It's another one of life's unsolved mysteries.
Green Fern
Where the green fern grows... Oh no, I'm crying all over again!
Festive Starter Hedge
This festive topiary comes with all the benefits of the Starter Hedge with the added sparkle of that festive magic. Easy to maintain and lets everyone who comes by know that you are ready to celebrate the holiday season.
Festive Hedge Row
The Festive Hedge Row lets you form a seasonal barrier around your yard, perfect for keeping the grouches out and the festive feelings in. Go with one style for a standardized dignified look or mix it up a little with some color variations and let the neighbors look on in awe at your design choices.
It's whispered that this grass attracts faeries...
Magic Grass
Grass of the Glade
The grass is only found in mysterious glades...
Sylvan Grass
This grass is native to the Sylvan Glade.
Willow Creek Planter Box
A planter box filled with colorful flowers.
Wild Grass
This grass is commonly found in nature.
Bontanical Grass
This grass is a hybrid developed in a bontanical garden.
Fingers of the Wind Grass
This grass moves freely with the wind.
The sweetest swamp grass you'll ever see!
plantGCWetlandShrub_02
Object Spawner 18
Object Spawner 17
Object Spawner 16
Object Spawner 15
Object Spawner 14
Object Spawner 13
Object Spawner 12
Object Spawner 11
Object Spawner 10
Object Spawner 09
Object Spawner 08
Object Spawner 07
Object Spawner 06