Liu
Ford
Always sassy. Always classy.
Laney Voom
Holms
The Grunt Family
Familie Kese
Nogard-Evergreen
Ellis
Diesel
Cross
Collins
WOOOOOOOOO DAWGGY!!!!!!
CletusBobs
Player
Castellano
Blueee
Zoe lights up every room she enters. She's been passionate about dance since preschool, and her natural curiosity has led her to explore many difference dance forms and techniques. As a young Latinx woman, family and community are incredibly important to Zoe. She brings her values to life by volunteering as a youth dance teacher at a local community center. Someday, she may even manage to teach her boyfriend Jayden to dance as well!
These two are quite the couple. Gladys is always out looking for excitement in all the wrong ways and Vernon usually finds himself glooming over the tiny details in life.
While Valeria spent her early years with her mother's family in Japan, she left with her mom and dad to travel the world for her father's research work when she was still young. They haven't stopped moving since! Thankfully, she's kept in contact with her best friend, Emiko Mori! Now that she's an adult, she needs to figure out what to do with her life: adventure, explore her father's Venezuelan heritage, or take on a new challenge?
Tristen grew up an only child in Brindleton Bay. Despite being a quiet Sim, rural life never appealed to Tristen, so he moved to the city the first chance he got. Will his sarcastic wit shine through and help him make new friends despite being a loner? Who knows! But if not, a dog or cat are always an option... maybe even a roommate!
Tommi never really liked the name 'Tomasina,' so she's been 'Tommi' as long as she can remember. She's a business professional with big dreams! Unfortunately, she keeps getting passed up for promotions (that Sydney Wright gets). It must be Sydney's quick wit and huge vocabulary! Will a friendship ever develop or is it all downhill from here?
Tim Johnson, reared in the suit-and-tie world of metro Washington, D.C., secretly keeps a still-working skateboard under his bed to pay homage to his birthplace: sunny, gnarly, hella-good California. And every now and again, when no one is looking, he still rides it.
With a quick wit and a huge vocabulary, Sydney is quietly competitive, focused, and ambitious. She works at one of the nation's premiere business firms, where she's been promoted twice in under two years. As an only child, Sydney craves the real conversation and deeper connection you get in one-on-one friendships. Ever loyal, with incredibly high standards, Sydney is slow to let people into her inner circle. Once there, you're a friend for life.
Somewhere in an alternate dimension, a Steve Fogel exists that's a big-rig trucker. In this reality though, Steve has bigger career goals in mind... He dreams of being a space trucker, hauling cargo across the cosmos. It's this bold ambition that attracted his wife, June, to his side. With her healthy cooking, he will be spaceworthy in no time. As a natural goof, you may find him at a comedy club practicing his (harmless) one-liners on the crowd.
Sophia is a unique artist, as she's gifted with synesthesia. She's overwhelmed by colors as she walks through the world, which causes her to scurry home and put paint to canvas while images are still vivid in her mind. Though she tends to focus on her art in lieu of a social life, she still holds lingering feelings for Ollie Purdue, who she once had a brief fling with before he settled down.
For Sean, social norms are there to be broken. Of course, there isn't much to to rebel against in the idyllic neighborhood of Willow Creek, so Sean resorts to... unconventional means... On weekends, he beats children at chess in the park (cheating, if necessary.) He once made out with an elder, just to freak out his mom. He loves to self quote himself; his favorite being, &quot;I eat plaid for breakfast. Spikeburgers for lunch. No authority for dessert.&quot;
For Ross, everything needs to be clean, he doesn't like kids (aka germ-monsters), and he has a quick temper. That said, there was never a Sim who loved doing laundry quite as much, he's great around adults, and he doesn't let interpersonal-relationship problems fester! Perhaps the most frustrating aspect of his life is that spoiled Kierra Tilo won't stop messaging him, and his beloved Brent Hong doesn't know he exists. Such is life!
On the surface, Daniel and Mary-Sue Pleasant seem to have the perfect life, but is their love a flimsy façade? And can Angela and Lilith make the right choices when it comes to love? Celebrate the 19th year of The Sims with the Pleasant Family.
Is that a Silver Dollar Pancake? Nope, it's just the newest little addition to Bob &amp; Eliza's pancake stack! Meet their son Iggy, a charming toddler who's bringing a small measure of harmony to the Pancakes' household.
Oh Ollie... He's always been a bit of a dreamer in life. His family worried he was destined to be destitute, his artistic talents going unrecognized. It turned out, he simply needed his muse. While nursing a drink in The Blue Velvet Nightclub one evening, he locked eyes with Babs—his life was never the same again. A whirlwind romance with Babs led to marriage and fatherhood; Ollie would never be called a starving artist again!
Bold and dynamic, Noah is all about using photography &amp; film to evoke emotion and get people talking. Both on and off set, he's happiest when he's calling the shots, or making people laugh. He will admit that he's maybe a little too obsessed with his Simstagram followers, but they've certainly helped expand his career. Witty, confident, and motivated by success, Noah can sometimes come across as having a little too much ego—but it's all in the name of his art.
Bob and Betty Newbie are back in a Sims 4 iteration of the family inspired by past Sims games. Celebrate the 19th year of The Sims with these classic characters.
Morgan is all-in, all the time. Driven by her life-long love of sport, Morgan believes life is meant to be lived, not spent behind a desk. She's always up for any adventure her friends suggest, and always pushes herself to do more. With her track and cross-country scholarships, she was always a top performing athlete at university. She's currently training for her first Iron Man competition, which means a lot of time in the pool and on a bike.
Sul, Sul! Here is the Sim of actress and trailblazer, Millie Bobby Brown!
With a head for numbers, and a creative eye, Mia splits her time between freelance programmer and artist gigs. Being both a bit of an introvert, and a bit of a rebel, this independence suited her outlook in life. Mia has a unique way of attracting creative, high-energy friends like Noah, and her girlfriend Dela. They love her genuine, almost kid-like enthusiasm. She is the glue that bonds her social circles together.
Marco is a painter who has never really known what he wants in life. What he does know is that he's happy with a brush in his hand and a cup of coffee at his side. More than anything he likes painting people. Wrinkley Sims, round Sims, youthful Sims, Sims with no hair, Sims with blue hair! He believes distinctions are what make Sims so beautiful, and he wants to capture every small detail.
Celebrate the Lunar New Year and Year of the Pig with the Zhao family!
Some Sims dream of being a master chef, but not Li Loh. He wants to master the Art of Mixology. Dazzle patrons near and far with fantastical drinks, bizarre concoctions, and gift them with the art of his moves. He's spent years studying, traveled around the world experiencing the drinks of different cultures, and he's ready. Oh, he's ready.
Lacey's parents frequently tell her she needs to grow up. She's teetering on the brink between party girl and socialite, has distinctly different social groups in each category, and hasn't committed to either path yet. To keep this double life in check, she calls herself Stacey whenever she's attending a highbrow affair.
Kurt comes from an impressive lineage of lumberjacks. While forestry is in his blood, his real passion lies in apiculture (or Beekeeping)! Kurt loves his little bumblies. He even tried to make a shop selling bee products called Kurt's Bees–which didn't go over super well. As long as he's stuck in Granite Falls, he knows he will never get out of the family business, so Kurt is off on an adventure, beyond his comfort zone, to chase his dreams!
Kierra is your average-run-of-the-mill-heiress who grew up in a beach-mansion. It's hard being Kierra! She's has always had to wonder if people don't just like her because of her money, or her hot tub, or her hair. It -is- fabulous! Occasionally, she likes to dress down and pretend to be 'normal.' It doesn't help that her crush Ross Valentin snubs her whenever he gets the chance. He's the only guy that's never been interested!
Quirky, creative, a hopeless romantic... Kat is a sweetheart who has aspirations to chase a career in fashion. Her dark secret: She's obsessed with dinosaurs and other buried secrets. While part of her would like to give up fashion and pursue archaeology, it's a little out of her comfort zone. For now, she's content to collect as many dino-curios and fossils as she can and display them around the house... or is she?
There are those who might say Kasen is a bit materialistic... He'd say he has good taste (but let's face it, they wouldn't be wrong). Designer shirt §300 Simoleons. Designer Glasses: §450 Simoleons. His haircut: §200 Simoleons. Maybe someday he will achieve his goals of becoming a famous DJ, but for now... he's glad to just look good.
A bit of a flirt, Kaiden is a sweetie looking for genuine connections. He's easily likeable and not afraid to show off his silly side. Kaiden's biggest flaw: he's a little too obsessed with Thorne Bailey's music. (It horrifies his friends when he shows up dressed like Thorne to parties.) Even still, Kaiden hopes he can overcome his timidity and make it big in the entertainment business just like his role-model.
Kai doesn't need a weight bench to workout—the world is his gym. Whether he's jogging, swimming, or competing in sports, he's never not moving. His questionable sense of social cues has yet to hold him back in life; case in point—he doesn't receive pushback (or complaints) despite his proclivity to walk around shirtless. His physique is practically a walking billboard for his side hustle of mentoring other Sims in their exercise regimens.
Nothing will deter June from accomplishing her goals in life, even if they are a bit erratic. She once got WAY into woodworking... random, right? But she followed through; months of hard work in the gym built the muscles she needed to carve every piece of furniture in her home from a solid oak tree. Something else she realized she wanted was Steve Fogel—they're an odd couple, but ambition is a trait this pair will never find themselves short of.
Jayden is a personal trainer, with an easy and charming approach to life. Starting in childhood, he found camaraderie through sports, and satisfaction through challenging himself to do his best in any physical feat. Ultimately, that's what drew him to his work as a personal trainer. Always curious and down for anything, Jayden's mellow attitude is a great complement to his girlfriend, Zoe—a feisty, outgoing professional dancer.
Big hearted and expressive, Hunter is an outspoken activist for the LGBTQIA community; he's passionate about creating space for people to come together and feel supported. He's cultivated a huge social media following, and his followers count on him to document every moment for the world to see. When he's not authoring content for his channel, he partners with his bestie Camille on a nutrition and wellness series.
Holly likes to daydream about becoming a famous country singer, but in reality she's a down home southern girl. From sun up to sun set, you'll find her in the great outdoors—typically with a fishing rod in hand.
The Grunts from Sims 2 Strangetown are back! Tank has always lived under the hard thumb of his father, Grand Marshal Buzz Grunt. In this domesticated boot camp, can Tank prove his worth to this demanding dad? How will Ripp and Buck fair in a family not quite their 'style'? Celebrate the 19th year of The Sims with these classic characters.
George is a buttoned up kind of guy. He keeps his head down, works hard, and wants the world to recognize his vast array of skills. At home though, it's a different story. That's when any noble pursuits get cast aside in favor of junk food and video games. His darkest secret? He keeps voodoo dolls of his friends, observes them from afar, and waits for the perfect opportunity to torment them. His second darkest secret? He wishes he was a cowboy. 
Gael is a bit clumsy and kind of messy, but he always has the best intentions! So what if he accidentally set his sister's beloved bowler on fire three times? Those things are ridiculously flammable! He thinks his twin sister, Gabby, and her friends are the best, so he regularly tags along—even if they don't have a lot in common. Deep down, what he really wants is to meet a group of buds to watch the next big game together.
Something of a hipster, Gabby changed her name when 'Gabriela' became the new baby name sensation of the year. She loves going to festivals with friends! Unfortunately, her twin brother Gael regularly tags along, trying to fit in. It's weird, but she loves him. Though she used to be uptight... years of taking care of Gael's messes have mellowed Gabby, and now she'd rather spend a chill evening, listening to the best undiscovered artists.
Erroll fancies himself a musician, but he really needs a manager to provide better direction to his career. In his last get-famous-quick scheme, he applied to a reality music competition. When he lost in the final episode, his star faded. Ultimately, people just don't remember second place. Ever since then he's overhauled his wardrobe to dress himself just like the producers did on the show, hoping to be recognized around town. Sadly, nobody has yet.
To Emiko, duality is a lifestyle. She's both cutesy and rebellious. Sweet and tough. Her pastimes include: playing with dolls, doing makeup tutorials online, chasing the Flower Bunny (who she adores), and throwing the best parties. Technology is an important aspect of Emiko's life, especially since her childhood best friend, Valeria Lopez, moved away from Japan at a young age. It's allowed them to keep in touch.
As a kid, Dela lived all over the world, shadowing her mum-a globally sought-after fashion photographer. That experience gave Dela an inherent sense of optimism and a deep entrepreneurial spirit. She recently launched her first fashion line, and her unique pieces and global style is starting to get press. Her girlfriend Mia-a designer in her own right-helps keep her informed of trends outside the fashion industry.
From a young age, it was obvious that Cassidy would blossom as a musical prodigy. She would fight with her brother, Ollie, over her need to diligently practice the piano—Ollie just wanted a quiet home to draw in. As a teen, she took up the guitar and quickly mastered that as well. To Cassidy, technology is a bore... She'd much rather spend an afternoon exploring a vintage record store.
Wave Controller
Wetland Willow Tree
Wetland Pine
Rural Oak Tree
Wetland Cypress Tree
Rural Apple Tree
Terrain
Television
Sink
Sculpture
Melon
Meat
Chicken
Bell Pepper
ChatController
Square Deck with Railing
LEARN MORE
{0.SimFirstName} has been working hard and is now a {1.String}. Great job!
Event Information
Event ends {0.DateLong}, {0.TimeShort}. Logins after this time will not count towards unlocking rewards.
{0.Number}d {1.Number}h
{0.Number} EP Period
Ends in
This reward is claimable!
\n{0.Number}M {1.Number}S.
\n{0.Number}H {1.Number}M.
\n{0.Number}D {1.Number}H.
This week starts in
Keep logging in each day to claim this reward.
This reward has been claimed! 
This reward is claimable!
Reward
Reward Claimed! 
{0.Number} Rewards Claimed! 
EP Limit
{0.Number} / {1.Number}
Level Up
{0.Number} EP
Next Reward
Complete!
Event ends {0.DateLong}, {0.TimeShort}.
Event Points Progress