(From Lack of Family Time)
(From Evil Trait)
(From Creative Trait)
(From Noncommittal Trait)
(From Charmer Toddlers Not Socializing)
(From Bro Trait)
(From Ambitious Trait)
(From Having a Dirty Diaper)
(From {0.SimFirstName}'s Preferences)
(From Swimming)
(From Freezing Due to Temperature)
(From Being Cold Due to Temperature)
(From Lack of Affection)
(From the Scare Seeker Lot Challenge)
(From Trying for Baby)
(From Violin Music)
(From Piano Music)
TimeLeft
(From Guitar Music)
(From Riding a Bike)
(From Trying the Same Food too Many Times)
(From Being Awake for Too Long)
(From Too Much Gloating)
(From Lack of Mental Stimulation)
(From Lack of Video Games)
Plant Evolution
(From Poor Environment)
(From Good Environment)
(From Bad Environment)
(From Environment)
(From using Telescope)
(From Lack of Creative Interactions)
(From Socialization)
Has Agent Commodity
(From Searching for Bank Blueprints)
(From Listening to Music)
(From Fighting a Supreme Villain)
(From Fighting a Supreme Villain)
(From, You Know...Writing)
(From Being Voodoo'd)
(From Dirty Object)
(From an Upgraded Shower)
(From an Upgraded High Quality Shower)
(From Dirty Plumbing)
(From a High Quality Shower)
(From Low Quality Shower)
(From Low Quality Furniture)
(From Expensive Furniture)
(From Monkey Bars)
(From Hot Tub Aromatherapy)
(From Working Out)
(From Too Much Programming)
(From Drinking Too Much Coffee)
(From Drinking Coffee)
(From Pruning Bonsai)
(From the Bathtub)
(From Potion)
(From Potion)
(From Hilarious Death)
(From Embarrassing Death)
(From Angry Death)
(From Potion)
(From Potion)
(From Potion)
(From Potion)
(From Cleaning)
(From Active Trait)
(From Jealousy)
Treadworthy Stairway
Not too shallow, not too steep, this set of stairs is just right for any home.
Sturdy Stairs in Brick
These stairs are solid and uncompromising.
Sturdy Stairs
These stairs are solid and uncompromising.
Some Wooden Stairs
Wood makes for a solid if unremarkable set of stairs.
Ladder-Like Stairway
The open riser stair design is modern and airy without being trendy. 
Workaday Stairway
A wooden staircase without pretensions.
At last! Not only did Nova land her dream job but got rid of Lewis too! She won’t have to see his face at the office, or anywhere on Earth, really! Now she’s ready to kill it as an eSports Gamer.
Nova chose to become an eSports Competitor, so she better step up her game! She will find a Motion Gaming Rig in her household inventory.
The Underdog Wins!
Nova can proudly close the first chapter of her career. She’s now very much her own boss and launched her very own company, built on her very own ideals. Will she find new nemeses or form strong alliances? And will she end up giving up on her dream to go to space? It’s up to you to decide!
Nova stayed in her lane, ignored the haters and worked hard to succeed. Fulfilling her dream of exploring other worlds will have to wait, for now she only wants to explore career options!
Long Distance Relationship
Nova would follow Lewis anywhere… but space. She chose the adrenaline rush of investor meetings and launching apps over zero gravity and launching rockets.
Promoted to Friends
Nova became a Startup Entrepreneur and decided to keep her feet on the ground… of planet Earth! Her newly rekindled friendship with Lewis wouldn’t survive the close quarters of a spaceship anyway…
It's not Personal, It's Business
Nova has proved to be the ultimate Highflier! With this reward personality trait, she will experience increased job performance and gain skills faster.
At last! Not only did Nova land her dream job but got rid of Lewis too! She won’t have to see his face at the office, or anywhere on Earth, really! Now she’s ready to kill it as a Startup Entrepreneur.
Nova has chosen to become a Startup Entrepreneur, and has gained the Business Savvy trait. She will earn a higher salary than other Sims.
Tried for Another Baby
Pablo and Jennifer, once young lovebirds overwhelmed with the responsibility of raising children, have matured tremendously. And just in time too, since it turns out that Jennifer is not only pregnant, but expecting TWINS! Their journey as parents is just beginning, but luckily they have the know-how to raise amazing children! Pablo has even developed the Seldom Sleepy Trait - which will definitely come in handy during the future. 
Raising Sofia and Leonardo into teenagers inspired Pablo and Jennifer to try parenting all over again from the start.
Pablo and Jennifer have grown as parents and developed new traits that will support them in growing a larger family. Pablo has received the Seldom Sleepy trait, ensuring he is prepared to get by on less sleep from now on. Jennifer has developed the Fertile trait, making her more likely to have another set of twins!
Sofia over-achieves, Leonardo slacks off.
With the support of encouraging parents and perhaps a little tough love, the rebellious Leonardo can surely get his act together. Or perhaps, his carefree influence will encourage Sofia to skip school and jeopardize her grades as well? Continue to guide the siblings towards becoming unique adults!
Sofia became a stellar student and teenager of many talents! Leonardo, despite signs of progress, has become a failing student with a poor academic record.