A sturdy door that allows entry to anyone who would use the men's facilities.
Dressed Up Facilities Door
A sturdy door that allows entry to anyone who would use the women's facilities.
Featureless Fiberglass Door
Fiberglass doors are durable and resistant to water damage, making them a good choice for bathrooms, saunas and laundry facilities.
Kablammo Superdoor
POW!!! Kablammo Superdoor! You’ve NEVER seen a door like this one! Featuring Rite-Grip knob technology and triple-swing hinges for extra opening/closing power! You haven’t doored a day in your pathetic life until you’ve stepped through a KABLAMMO!!!
Overdesigned Window
We’ll be honest. We set out to make a simple window, split into three equal panes. Then we just kept adding and adding features and now everyone thinks it’s a door. Our fault really - we can see now how the whole project is a little overdesigned. Use it however you’d like.
Perfect Pane Door
Hardwood window frames can cause your glass panes to scratch and crumble at the edges. They can even stress your windows to the point of shattering! The Perfect Pane door has firm yet pliable frames that keep glass pristine. That’s because they’re made entirely from the bones of Atlantic Sturgeon!
Unbranded Entry Device
Sure, it might not have a fancy label, but our unbranded entry device is just as effective as all those name brand Doors. Built from many of the same materials, the unbranded entry device offers an opening and closing experience just as good as the major brands, and at just as good a price!
Marine Biologist's Choice
When you come home from a day of measuring the seasonal rise of Vibrio bacteria in brackish waters, you need a door you can rely on. That’s why so many Marine biologists choose this door. You might be worried about ineffective efforts to save the Atlantic sturgeon, but you’ll never have to worry about coming home to an inferior door.
Yes Siree Door!
Yes siree, nothing says “fine living” like a high-quality door. No mis-shuts or swing opens with a door like this one! You got your brass knob, your strong hinges, a nice rectangle shape. Boy howdy, that is some fine door right there!
Wooden Three-Panel Door
The curved top panel and rectangular bottom panels of this wooden door evoke the Dutch doors of yesteryear.
Wooden Five-Panel Door
Five panels is an unusual design choice for an interior door, but not so unusual as to be utterly distracting.
Geometric Six-Panel Door
Six panels make a statement in this basic interior door.
Wooden Four-Panel Door
Four panels lend visual interest to this otherwise basic door.
Simple Two-Panel Door
Your basic wooden door found at the entrance to bedrooms, offices and closets everywhere.
Simple Single-Panel Door
An unassuming wooden door suitable for use anywhere you need an unobtrusive portal.
In almost every color of the rainbow, chose the door that is right for you.\nWarning: Product may not be actually available in your preferred rainbow color, but does offer a one rainbow of colors.
Wooden Prairie-Style Two-Panel Door
A single wooden door in Prairie style.
Arched Door with Double Panes
A stylish entryway door with two arched windows.
Simple Post and Lintel Frame
The post and lintel design is a fundamental building block of architecture. This entryway frame is a fundamental building block, too.
Narrow Post and Lintel Frame
A narrow entryway for when you don't even require a door for a room divider.
Narrow Mission-Style Arch
Arches have a higher load-bearing capacity than a simple post-and-lintel structure, allowing for a wider range of use and facilitating taller construction.
Keystone-Style Arch
The keystone detailing is not integral to the arch; it just looks nice.
Prairie Post and Lintel Knockoff
Visually evoke Prairie-style architecture without breaking the bank; save money on the lack of door, too.
Arch E
There were four prototypes… the first prototype didn’t open, the second prototype refined the concept, removing the defect by making a hole, the third prototype increased the size of the hole, the fourth prototype removed the sharp edges that were causing an increase in workplace accidents. The fifth, Arch E, should be great…
Arch Door
Arch Door provides all the interior benefits of a door, without the pesky ‘get in my way’ center parts often found with most doors.
HBD Front Door
We felt a smaller version of our double front door was in order, so we built this just-as-nice single door with the same windowed frame and classic touch. Enjoy in plain woods or with a bit of color!
Capp Library Bookcase
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Lost Legacies Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThey don't make them like they used to, and the same goes for this elegant bookcase, straight from the library of the Capp family estate. Explore their ancestral history, rare books, and genealogical treasures. Members of the staff will even tell you family members would occasionally disappear near the bookcase...who knows, maybe it carries some secrets of its own.
Stoar the Bearded Trickster Door
A trickster troll by the name of Stoar…\nWas oft fond of a playful trick or four…\nUntil one day…\nEnded his play…\nAnd his head ended upon this door.
Edgar the Generous
Edgar, a lion of generous repute…\nAlways shared his labors fruit…\nNever without…\nAn ounce of doubt…\nCould any, of his generosity, refute.
HBD Interior Door
This interior door wraps up our HBD series, but don't worry - you can really use it anywhere! Add more than one to a room, join all the rooms in your house with it, or even use it to gain access to the outside. Use it as much as you like, there's no one to stop you!
Facilities Door
A sturdy door perfect for facilities but especially toilet rooms. Because of the toilet. On the sign. Right?
Kickless Fiberglass Door
Our perfect Iconless door, now without that flashy kick plate. Its plain and simple design allows it to be used almost anywhere!
Iconless Fiberglass Door
Our Facilities Door was so popular, we decided to expand your options. Place this anywhere you might need a door. It comes with kick protection!
Simple Single-Panel Door - Ranch
An unassuming wooden door suitable for use anywhere you need an unobtrusive portal.\n\nAvailable in ranch-friendly colors
Door 1 Wide
Door 1 Wide, handcrafted with love and care by Ways Entryways Manufacturing and Mass Production Studios and Ramen Shop. Creating entryways for your home, business, or walled space, also catering.
Seeing Glass
Understated elegance, smooth finishes. Entice your guests by casually revealing your domain, keeping them guessing of what lies beyond.
Rainbow Effect
Chalky Friends
These friendly companions are there to comfort children when they look at their doors in the dark. Hopefully there will be no nightmares here.
HBD Tall Sliding Door
What's better than a picture window? An extra large sliding door that literally lets you merge the space between your home interior and the great outdoors...or the great backyard...or the great patio. Basically, it's perfect for any Sim who wants a really good view of what's outside.
Island Mahogany Grand Sliding Door
The closest form of civilization to East Shore Chateau was a small coastal fishing village. The community watched from afar as Mason Lupoe first purchased the estate and soon after began repairs. The sounds of saws and hammers echoed through the dense surrounding jungle, washed out by the nearby waves breaking against the beach. Then one day... nothing.\n\nNo sim came or went from East Shore Chateau, and it remained disturbingly quiet as weeks stretched on. Mason Lupoe, himself, was declared missing. Investigators and anyone looking into the disappearances also seemed to vanish in the shadow cast by East Shore. It was at that point, the community made a decision. The estate was to be torn down from the outside in.\n\nAnd so it was done. Plank by plank, window by window, the estate was dismantled—its fine furnishing and trim re-purposed around the island. The doors were sold in an auction. It is said... that on humid summer nights the doors can be heard sliding open and closed as the spirits of those missing pass through.
Cha Cha Real Tall Sliding Door
How tall can it go?\nCan it go real tall?\nAll the way up the wall?
Cha Cha Mostly Tall Sliding Door
Can you bring it to the top?\nLike it never never stop?\nMove on through! Move on through!
HBD Sliding Door
Open? Closed. Open? Closed. With the easy sliding doors and open windows, you'll be using this sliding door all day to bring the outside in!
Island Mahogany Sliding Door
East Shore Chateau sat abandoned for years. A brisk jaunt from the beach and surrounded by thick vegetation, its interior smelled of jungle musk, decaying mahogany, and sea air. Various species of vibrantly plumed birds and neon specked frogs called its dilapidated remains home. Few locals who remained on the island remembered the mystery surrounding its downfall—even fewer still spoke of it.\n\nIt was inevitable that when Mason Lupoe bought the mansion, it would cause quite a stir...
Cha Cha Sliding Door
Slide to the left.\nSlide to the right.\nPass through, Pass through!
Two-Panel Double Door
Wooden double door set with rectangular panels.
Mega Double Doors (Basic)
When it comes to quality, this set of double doors is absolutely the most average. Our door-carving robots spend a decent amount of time using materials that are clearly good enough for the job. It’s not the fanciest set of doors we make, and it shows in the price! Save now, enjoy decent-quality doors forever!
Mega Double Doors (Grand)
Our assembly line of door-carving robots actually designed the Grand model of our Mega Double Doors on their own. They said that the combination of double doors with a half-circle would create a “design balance” that would lead to a “unity of spirit.” We’re honestly not sure what they meant by that or even why they’re thinking of such things!
Mega Double Doors (Deluxe)
When it comes to quality, this set of double doors is absolutely the best. Our door-carving robots take their time and use materials that are second-to-none. It’s the fanciest set of doors we make, and it shows in the price! Spend now, enjoy top-quality doors forever!
Just A Simple Double Door
A pair of simple doors of the sort you'd see at the entrance of anyplace that would like a double door that doesn't draw much attention, but still is stylish and chic.
Simple Wooden Double Door
Interior wooden double door set suitable for walk-in closets and conference rooms.
Simple Double Door with Transom