Cloudy Vision
In space, cloudy days trump sunny ones. That's because the clouds are made of green glitter! The sun, on the other hand, is made of fire and radiation. Before visiting space, definitely check the space-weather forecast. Or just stay home and marvel at this painting.
Blemish Blossom
This artwork chronicles the awkward adolescent stage of plant cell development, where they are tormented by embarrassing acne. Absorbing enough rainwater can really help, and fortunately, a cell can just divide to create its own prom date.
Crystal Palace
At the crux of hard science and new age woo-woo lies the crystal. Here, we can see both the distinctive crystal geometry, revered by scientists for its electrical, optical and mechanical properties, and the glittery crystal sparkles, known for their harmonic love vibrations and aura cleansing magic.
Cell Block
Look at the precision fit of these bright cells. No wonder they’re called the “building blocks of life.” In fact, the only difference between toy blocks and living cells is that organisms are not assembled by children. (Except for the platypus; that was built by a third grader named Frank.)
Falling
Evoking all the colors of autumn, this mineral painting represents the diminished glow of youth, and the twilight years of life, when all hope is gone, and the path we have taken slides toward its eventual tear-filled end. Hang it in the breakfast nook or the baby's nursery!
Rhapsody in Blue
Don’t have a green thumb? No problem. Enjoy plants at the cellular level, where they’re actually blue—and in art form, where they require no water, sunlight or “Please don’t leave me!” pep talks.
Hooplankton
This compelling artwork captures the plankton hula hoop performance team mid-rehearsal, for a number that will sink into obscurity when, en route to a gig, the entire team is eaten by a turtle.
Party in Pink
Magnification reveals interesting facts about microorganisms, such as their preference for bubble gum pink décor and festive streamers hung in their living rooms, all year round. If life on earth were a giant party, microorganisms were the first to arrive, and as this painting reveals, they may be the last to leave!
Psychedelic Rock
If there’s one thing we've learned through microscopic explorations into the mineral world it’s this: Rocks sure are trippy! Here we have Dunite, magnified fifty zillion percent and captured in bright tempera. Hang it in a college dorm room! 
Leaf Meat
Isn't it strange how zooming in on a fossilized leaf actually makes it look similar to a piece of steak? Are plants and animals more alike than they seem? Do leaves also feel love and fear? What does this say about veganism? Should we eat anything at all? Art raises some serious questions.
Snow Fight
They say each snowflake is unique. Up close, these snow crystals, secure in their individual flakiness, appear to be gathering around one deformed snow pyramid, who they will shortly beat up for being TOO different. As this painting reveals, snow is not as gentle as it seems.
The Drifter
Never fall in love with a plankton. Flowing wherever the current takes them, they are total vagabonds. Here’s one such plankton, dancing with groupies after a night playing electric guitar with the Bacteria Band. Fortunately this moment was captured in art. We’ll never see him again.
Trace Remains
Ever just know something in your bones? That’s because the skeleton can act as an antennae, transmitting info to the brain. In this dinosaur fossil, we see the haunting conduits where bone instinct may have cried out, “Run! METEOR!” Dinosaurs had brains the size of peas. That’s why they all died. Enjoy your painting.
The Moon's Meteor
Every 10 years, the meteor &quot;Bob&quot; skim's this moon's surface. Friction from the atmosphere causes the meteor to ignite. Scientists predict that in time the meteor will dissolve fully, so enjoy it while it lasts!
Time-Lapse Moon
Scientists theorize this moon might be capable of hosting life. They've studied it at large, and have many time-lapse photos of it. 
Sixam from the Moon
Many have wondered what the planet of Sixam might look like. Wonder no more, for this is a picture of Sixam from the perspective of its moon. 
Mooooon
When Barnaby B. Cow discovered a moon surrounding Mrafmis 1, his colleagues were dismayed to learn that he had actually named it &quot;Mooooon.&quot;
The Flaming Moon of Flugne
Though the Flaming Moon of Flugne is titled thusly, it does not actually flame. Rather it has surrounding space debris that refracts an orange hue from the sun. Beautiful, yes? Fire, no. 
The Enchanted Moon of Lacigam
Scientists studying the Moon of Lacigam have discovered green energy that seems to emanate from its surface. Radioactive bursts of this mysterious energy are regularly pushed into space. The question remains: is the moon doing this itself or is someone down there? 
Anglerfish
A sneaky predator fish that lures prey into its mouth with a small, glowing tentacle-like growth on its head.
Ice Chest
collectFishChest_01
collectFishChest_bm
collectFishChest_bm
Volenton
Volenton is a beautiful purple Orelloid. It occurs naturally in deposits of volcanic rock and in rib-based fast food sandwiches.
Selium
Selium is a member of the Transition Ores -- not the ironic ska/country fusion band of the same name, but rather the group of elements.
Plumbobus
Trying to describe Plumbobus is like trying to bite your own neck. It is impossible! Plumbobus is so unique. It is… amazing.
Peryllium
Peryllium, chemical symbol Ll, is a beautiful pink Orelloid. Many describe it as something that could only come from a unicorn’s magic, and that's scientists talking!
Ozinate
Ozinate is a member of the Transition Ores. They say just a sprinkle of it can help make casserole night a family favorite again!
Oxypin
Oxypin is a member of the Transition Ores. The scientist who discovered this group of metals was going through some tough times, hence the name Transition Ores. Oxypin is blue, which represents the scientist’s sorrow.
Wolfium
Wolfium is a strange element notorious for its smell, which for some reason is similar to that of a wet dog.
Firaxium
Very little is known about the element Firaxium. It simply does not grant very many interviews.
Crytacoo
Crytacoo is prized for its legendary durability. It's so strong, it can't even be manipulated by modern tools. It just has to be found in usable shapes!
Sydrolin
Sydrolin, chemical symbol Sy, is a member of the elite Royal Liquids, which have strong colors but no odor. While Sydrolin looks like grape juice, please do not drink Sydrolin. Seriously.
Plathium
Plathium, chemical symbol Pl, is a member of the elite Royal Liquids, which have strong colors but no odor. Plathium looks a lot like lemonade but tastes more like horrible choking death.
Phozone
Phozone, chemical symbol Pz, is a member of the elite Royal Liquids, which have strong colors but no odor. The scientist that discovered Phozone really loved broth, noodles, and meat with just a touch of carrots, which she often ate while doing experiments.
Melacoo
Melacoo, chemical symbol Q, is a member of the elite Royal Liquids, which have strong colors but no odor. For a long time Melacoo was actually thought to be Sydrolin, but those scientists were just lazy.
Goobleck
Goobleck, chemical symbol Vg, is a member of the elite Royal Liquids, which have strong colors but no odor. Goobleck has been scientifically proven to have the best name out of all elements.
Alcineat
Alcineat, chemical symbol An, is a member of the elite Royal Liquids, which have strong colors but no odor. It was discovered in the 50's when someone found a puddle of it in her backyard.
Elemental Display Rack
Proudly display your element collection on this official Geo Council rack. Now with inert magnetic snap-slots.
Decorative Egg
A beautifully decorated egg. Make your friends envious, be the talk of the town.
Simanite
Simanite is one of the few stones with a true silver color. It has been used in everything from alchemy to utensil polishing.
Sapphire
Bluer than the sky, Sapphire is a sight to behold! Known as the gem of truth, it helped coin the phrase &quot;true blue.&quot;
Rainborz
Rainborz is a rare and unusual gemstone that is multi-colored, but predominantly red. And strangely, it is frequently found near rainbows!
Peach
This small stone is delicate in size with a demure, peachy-pink color. No wonder it is the embodiment of innocence. 
Orange Topaz
Being relatively abundant and durable, Orange Topaz is a very popular gemstone! With its happy color, it can be a symbol of friendship.
Jonquilyst
Jonquilyst is like a glittering drop of sunshine! Its bright, yellow color radiates cheerfulness. 
Hematite
Even though Hematite has a black metallic luster on the outside, it has a dark, blood red color on the inside.
Emerald
Emerald literally means green gem, and the gorgeous green color of emeralds are unparalleled! Having one will surely make others green with envy!
Diamond
Often used in jewelry, these sparkling gems are some of the most valued in the world and are also the hardest known natural material!
Amethyst
Amethysts are purple colored quartz! From soft lilac to royal violet, these purple shades are caused by iron impurities in the stone.
Turquoise
Turquoise is an opaque, blue-to-green stone that has been prized for centuries, as many believe it brings protection and good fortune.