It's not a rec room; it's your own private club. &quot;Swank&quot; is the only proper word for this home bar replete with hardwood detailing, footrail, and sleek black bartop. Generous storage completes the package.
Indulgence
Just one glance at this magnificent bar and you might get a little light-headed! Take another, longer look and you will want to sit down for a second. By the time you’ve fully taken in the fine craftsmanship and unparalleled beauty of the Indulgence, you’re practically dazed with admiration.
The Long Island
Long on ambition but short on mixology skills? This extra-long bar allows for plenty of practice with both tapped drinks and juice cocktails. You might even get a workout sprinting from one end to the other!
The Money Maker
Now everyone can shake their money maker! This white solid-surface bar offers just enough room for you to shake up drinks… while your guests strut their stuff on its high, shiny surface. Black-soled shoes not recommended.
Simly Park Home Bar
Complete your dream home's kitchen with this matching home bar! Fill it with your favorite ingredients and vintages, and you'll be perfecting your Mixology skill in no time.
Compact Bar
This vintage-style bar is perfect for entertaining in a smaller space, leaving more room for your guests to cut a rug. 
Water Balloon
Water Balloon
Boxy Iron Balcony
Mission-style balcony with wrought iron rails extends your indoor space outdoors.
Mission-Style Slatted Wooden Balcony
Mission-style balcony constructed from handsome wooden slats.
Curved Iron Balcony
Curved Mission-style balcony with wrought iron rail. Romeo and Juliet-ready.
bagFrosting_bm
bagFrosting_bm
Zoomers Delivery Bag
Zoomers Food Delivery's patented heat retaining paper bag is guaranteed to keep food warm and fresh until delivery!
bagCandy_bm
bagCandy_bm
babyGEN_01
Diaper
Mini Mission Crib
Crafted with same Mission-style solid wood look you've grown to love over the years, now for your Infants! Every Sim in the family can be on a mission—the mission for a good night's sleep (good luck with that one, new parents!)
Kindermade Kindercrib
School might be a few years away, but that doesn't mean the tiniest members of the family aren't ready for Kindermade's newest addition to its iconic furniture line: the Kindercrib! Encourage your Infant to live their truth with creativity-igniting colorways, proven (anecdotally) to enrich the imaginations of your young ones and rigorously tested by multiple (at least two!) Kindermade employees that received free prototypes. And very generous bonuses.
Earthquakes, hurricanes, pestilence, floods-nothing can take down the AF.
Simple Foundation
Simple, but gives your home a complete look!
Canvas
Foundations, the base from which we allow our ideas to spring, our creativity flourishes, our vision shines, our fascination with the possibilities finds a home from which all inspiration derives. They are the canvas of your life.
High-tide Exterior Trim&#xD;&#xA;
The perfect undercurve--great for surfing!&#xD;&#xA;
Inlaid Exterior Trim
Smooth and clean. For those that love the details!
Jutting Exterior Trim
Like a drainpipe without the drain! For the brutalists out there.
Dentil Exterior Trim
A classic molding.
Stepped Exterior Trim
This molding adds a bit of interest at each story of your home.
Simple Exterior Trim
A straightforward exterior trim.
Floor Thickness
Bowl of Cherrywood
Kwality Wide Planks
Old World Wide Planks
Glorious Grain Hardwoods
Eco-Craft Hardwood
Walk the Short Plank Hardwood
Herringbone Hardwood
Handscraped Wood
Elegant Parquet
Limber Lumber Fashion Hardwoods
Chestnut Planks
Rustic Subfloor Slats
Heartwood Planks
Mahogany Herringbone Hardwood
Limber Lumber Traditional Hardwoods
Antique Wood Strip
Spiral Parquet
This dark water is filled with decay and rot.
Pond Scum
A mossy overgrowth hides what lurks beneath the surface...
If only you could rake a pond... Alas, these leaves aren't going anywhere anytime soon.
Dreaming of Water
Water that doesn't look like water? If not water, what is it?
Leafy Water
The Octagon Designer Tile
Rustic Glazed Tile
Tessellations Tile
Best in Beige Accent Tile
Edwardian Tile
Classic Rustic Tile
Antique Stone Tile
Kidsaw! Soft Jigsaw Pattern
Soft Landing Playground Cover
Lotta Glaze Tiles
Lotta Glaze Tiles
Grounded Tiles
Plain Jane Tile
HEXA Solid Hexagon Tile
HEXA Patterned Hexagon Tile
Retro Edwardian Tile
Numbers Game Tiles
Terracotta Parade
Fancy Large-Format Terracotta Tiles
Fancy Terracotta Tiles
Accent! Terracotta Tiles
Whole Lotta Terracotta Large-Format Tiles
Baked Earth Terracotta
Lotta Terracotta Tiles
Tried and True Tarmac
Chipper Tanbark
Rustic Slate Pavers