storylegacysims
The Cozy Celebrations Event
Cute-Tee Tank Top
These solid tanks are great for growing kids. As their personalities develop and change, the versatility of a basic tee can change with them. If they want to be a rocker one day and a prepster the next, no problem! Encourage their imagination and self-discovery with the Cute-Tee Tank Top.
R.T. Hoots Sweatshirt
These solid tees are great for growing kids. As their personalities develop and change, the versatility of a basic tee can change with them. If they want to be a rocker one day and a prepster the next, no problem! Encourage their imagination and self-discovery with the Cute-Tee Shirt.
Throwback Jacket and Tee
Inspired by a time your children don’t remember, where acid wash, crop tops, and shoulder pads were all the rage! The designer of this cropped jean jacket took an old silhouette but added modern touches, like updated denim washes and a slimmer fit. Coordinating graphic tees by famed designer R.T. Hoots are included in this set! Outrageous!
Scattering of Freckles
Smattering of Freckles
Self-Expression SlipOns
Flippy Floppies
Hot Diggity Dog Hat
Don’t forget your safety helmet! This cool-looking cap not only completes your costume, it has extra padding to protect your head, just in case somebody bites it. 
Ch-Ch-Chicken Hat
You may be afraid of a lot of things, but wearing a chicken on your head? Not one of them.
Un-Tiger Me Hat
Show your stripes, and unleash the tiger on you.
Moo-La-La Hat
Is that cow winking? Mais oui! She’s on your gorgeous head after all.
Earie Owl Hat
Some say this hat helps you see in the dark. But it’s the ears that have us wondering…
Dare to Bear It Hat
This darling hat looks just like a teddy bear. Unless it gets angry. Or hungry…
Can’t Help Lion Hat
Did you know you have a cat on your head? Aw, quit lion!
Abounding Animal Hat
You may be afraid of a lot of things, but wearing a chicken or a bear on your head? Not one of them. Celebrate the animal kingdom with this multi-species chapeau.
Hot Diggity Dog Costume (Kids)
Ketchup on silly fun with the Hot Diggity Dog costume! This special kids’ version uses ultra-light foam for the hot dog and bun, what is it made of, you ask? Please don’t. Everyone’s better not knowing.
The Forever Friends Event
The Nature's Calling Event
Sprinkling of Hair
Little Petal Top
Cute-Tee Camisole
These solid camisoles are great for a growing girl. As her personality develops and changes, the versatility of this basic camisole can change with her. If she wants to be a rocker one day and a prepster the next, no problem! Encourage her imagination and self-discovery with the Cute-Tee Camisole. 
On Point Ballet Flats
Cotton Candy Puff Cap
DeeSims
Ad-oink-able Pigtails
Briefest Boxer Briefs
Little Lady Miniskirt
Children grow up so quickly.  You blink your eyes, and bam!, they are on their first date! Attempt to prepare yourself with this mini skirt. It’s a more mature silhouette that can help you ease into the mentality that your little child is actually a teenager.
Awesome Blossom Sundress
Cutey Patootey Jean Jumper
Little Tulip Dress
What approach do I take to my job?
How do I act around groups of people?
What kind of home do I want to live in?
I've just met someone new. To impress them, I'll...
What's the first thing I do after a long day of work?
In my free time, I like to...
If I could be remembered for one thing, what would it be?
What do I do to cheer myself up?
I get asked out on a date, what's my response?
What do I do for fun?
I found an uneaten sandwich, but don't know whose it is...
I spotted a rare creature!
My child has a recital tomorrow, how do I prepare?
What's the best way to celebrate my big family reunion?
I just got home from shopping for clothes...
What do I like to do outdoors?
Investor
Investor
It takes Simoleons to make Simoleons. Optimize your investments through diligent research and try to turn piles of Simoleons into even bigger piles of Simoleons! 
Management
Management
Should everyone be laid off and replaced by robots? Should the company logo be redone to include more llamas? These are the types of critical decisions you would be making should you choose to venture down the path of management. 
Business
Business
Synergy! Efficiency! Planfulness! If the mere sound of these industry buzzwords gets you buzzing, then a career in business might just be the right fit for you!
Bodybuilder
Bodybuilder
As a master of muscle, you will partake in a life of fitness, nutrition, and weight training. Train fellow Sims, show off feats of strength to adoring fans, and sculpt your body into the form of a god.
Professional Athlete
Professional Athlete
Are you a physical specimen with the motor, ambition, and natural talent to compete with the best? Want to earn a living playing a game that you played as a child? Then a career as a Professional Athlete is for you! Live the lifestyle and entertain the masses with your athletic ability.
Athlete
Athlete
An athlete requires physical strength, speed, endurance, and intelligence. Start a career where enthusiastic fans will shout your name, wear your jersey, and remember your feats forever.
Interstellar Smuggler
Space Ranger
Astronaut
 Read Books ({0.String})
 Write Articles ({0.String})
 Write Books ({0.String})
 Programming ({0.String})
 Play Video Games ({0.String})
After years of work, it's come to this. Being it, being best, figuring into things, as an Icon O'Class, the session has begun and this world will never be the same.
Icon O'Class
Who? What? It's neither of these, but simply It. The one to whom others look for information, inspiration, and tantalization, an It Sim is THE Sim all about...it.
It Sim
The superlative is wielded cautiously in this case, as the task of helping others with clear, concise, and insightful guidance is not something a merely comparative title can entertain.
Best-Self-Helper
As a stand out in the fashion forward industry, the principals of fashion, first, and always, has never been more pertinent. These trends begin and end with quality threads.
Fashion Figure
It's key to deeply understand the fundamentals of poshness in order to profile prodigiously for a plethora of potential clients, patrons, and avid fashionistas.
Posh Profiler
Gather Impression ({0.String})
Who is someone? Does it boil down to their essence of dress? Or their stint of thought? All of that will ultimately come down to you as you re-imagine one's re-emergent needs.