They may not do much about keeping the sun out, but these curtains are perfect for any room. With a variety of color and patterns for any child's room.
Sunny Shades - Left
They may not do much about keeping the sun out, but these curtains are perfect for any room. With a variety of color and patterns for any child's room.
Popped Color Curtains - Right
Stars, Stripes, or Animals. Make your choice or even mix and match...they don't mix all that well, but we won't judge you as long as they're never seen by the public.
Popped Color Curtains - Left
Stars, Stripes, or Animals. Make your choice or even mix and match...they don't mix all that well, but we won't judge you as long as they're never seen by the public.
Simsonian Society Gift
A token of appreciation for the fine specimen you sent to the Simsonian National Museum
Yogurt
Smooth and creamy with a subtly sweet and sour taste.
Sweet Potato Puree
Creamy and buttery with a sweet but earthy flavor. 
Smashed Lemon
Oooo! Sour!
Smashed Avocado
Smooth and buttery with an earthy flavor. 
Rice Porridge
Smooth, runny, and bland for baby. 
Pumpkin Puree
Creamy and thick with a pumpkin fresh flavor. 
Papaya Paste
Creamy with a buttery texture and faintly sweet flavor.
Oatmeal Cereal
Smooth and lumpy with a sweet and somewhat nutty palate.
Mashed Peas
Thick and mushy with a sweet yet savory taste. 
Mashed Mango
Juicy and creamy with a tropical floral flavor. 
Ice Cream
Cold, creamy, and a sugary-sweet treat!
Homemade Hummus
Creamy and thick with a rich, garlicky flavor.
Crushed Carrots
Fluffy with an earthy sweetness. 
Applesauce
Soft, watery, and mashed with a tart but sweet palate. 
cupSmall_bm
cupSmall_bm
Whipped Dream Cupcake Factory
This miracle of confection perfection will heal the wounds of your lonely childhood and make you Whole again. Features settings for fruit filling or nuts. 
crimeMap_bm
crimeMap_bm
Woodwork (in progress)
Measure twice, cut once.
Woodworking Disaster
Woodworking Atrocity
Woodworking Failure
Woodworking Abomination
Sims Sessions Crafts &amp; Creations Table
Sims Sessions Crafts &amp; Creations Table - enough said!
craftSalesTable_bm placeholder name
craftSalesTable_bm placeholder description
Picture (In Progress)
It's a masterpiece in progress... possibly.
Paper Mache Sloth Head Mount
Paper Mache Owl Head Mount
Paper Mache Tiger Head Mount
Paper Mache Bear Head Mount
Paper Mache Fox Head Mount
Paper Mache Raccoon Head Mount
An adorable, hand-crafted Paper Mache head mount for the wall.
Paper Mache Cactus and Succulents
What an adorable paper mache plant! The best part: it won't die from neglect. This plant is perfectly safe from Sims who lack green thumbs.
Paper Mache Amalgamation
Goodness! This isn't how this paper mache project was supposed to turn out!
Paper Mache Sandpiper
Paper Mache Dove
Paper Mache Pigeon
Paper Mache Seagull
A hyperrealistic Paper Mache rendition of a birb.
Paper Mache Not Sad Panda
Paper Mache Bear-y Cute Black Bear
Paper Mache Chilly Polar Bear
Paper Mache Cozy Penguin
Paper Mache Blushing Fox
Black &amp; White Paper Mache Silly Kitty
Grey Paper Mache Goofy Kitty
Orange Paper Mache Funky Forg
Green Paper Mache Funky Forg
An adorably funky paper mache animal.
Purple Paper Mache Kitty
Orange Paper Mache Kitty
Black Paper Mache Kitty
Tan Paper Mache Bulldog
Light Blue Paper Mache Bulldog
Yellow Paper Mache Owl
Green Paper Mache Owl
Navy Blue Paper Mache Shark
Blue Paper Mache Piggy
Pink Paper Mache Piggy
Classic Paper Mache Piggy
Light Blue Paper Mache Shark
A well-crafted, paper mache friend!
Sixam's Moon
When they see the size of Sixam's Moon most Sims shout, &quot;That's no moon!&quot; But it actually is. It's just a very large moon. Thankfully, Sixam is a very large planet and can handle such an enormous rock. 
The Golden Moon of Abscalore 5
The Golden Moon of Abscalore 5 is widely known within the Astronomical scientific community as one of the most beautiful moons in the galaxy.
Moon's Flare
This moon is super heated every day when the sun catches its surface. If Sims wanted to they couldn't land on it. Not until more advanced thermal-protection suits are created. 