When it’s too late for beach wear and too early to break out the snow shoes, this kit has you covered with comfy sweaters, matching beanie &amp; scarf combos, and more cold weather looks. Embrace the chill with luxurious fabrics and rich autumnal hues.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Outdoor Retreat
Beware of Bear
What goes bump in the night? A Sim in a bear costume, of course! Roar and spook out other campers, or simply just cause mischief while looking silly. 
New Collections and Craftables
Your Sim can be a true lover of the outdoors! Create new craftables at the woodworking table, fish for new wild fish, and collect insects from all over Granite Falls.
Herbalism Skill
The Herbalism skill allows your Sims to identify wild plants and brew potent herbal remedies.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 For Rent Expansion Pack
Bustling and Beautiful
Explore a new world that’s alive with possibilities. Visit the botanical garden and discover an animal sanctuary! One of the most iconic scenes Tomarang has to offer is the Night Market where your Sims will discover new foods and unique objects.
Closer Than Ever
Pair your shining creations with hints of mystery and intrigue. The clothing and furniture in this pack is perfect for a cozy workroom! There's even a set of dreamy jewelry created in collaboration with Simmer Arethabee and available in CAS.
All Charged Up
Search out crystals or pluck them off the Crystal Tree and get ready to supercharge! Charged crystals will affect the moods and lives of Sims; the pieces you craft will truly be life changing.
Jewelry By You
Fill your collection with colorful new crystals and metals that can be used to create sparkling jewelry. Aspiring jewelers can build up their new skill by using the Gemology Table to cut crystals and get creative with jewelry customization.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Riviera Retreat Kit
Natural Charm
Set your comfortable linen furniture up among rustic décor and earthy features like stone pavers. This space is timeless, blending the fresh and clean with the natural to create a space where troubles melt away.
Alone at Last
It’s time to relax in a wicker lounge chair, watching as sunlight shines through the vine-covered pergola and sparkles in your private waterfall. Create the perfect, secret spot for your Sim to spend some quality time alone, or with someone special.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Enchanted by Nature
A Land of Enchantment
Innisgreen is a lush world with three neighborhoods: Coast of Adhmor, focused on Gnomes; Sprucederry Grove, blending nature and civilization; and magical Everdew forest. Meet Mother Nature, become a Fairy, and summon Spruce Almighty for adventures!
A Balanced Lifestyle
Negative emotions cause Imbalance, leading to Ailments. Become a Naturopath using the Apothecary Table to cure Sims and hone your skill. Pursue the Elixir Enthusiast Aspiration. Watch your Luck—it affects cooking and Ailments.
The Fairest Folk
Become a Fairy! Use Abilities to nurture plants, change moods, and more. Choose Harmonious or Discordant paths with the Fairy Stories Aspiration. Create Fairies with wings and tattoos. Even non-Fairies can use Fairy Dust for enchantment!
Life Among the Trees
Step into nature with the Natural Living Skill. Sims can thrive outdoors, foraging for food and plants; perfect for the Nature Nomad Aspiration. Bring nature inside with Live Houseplants. Explore new Traits: Plant Lover, Mystical, and Disruptive.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Growing Together
Family Ties
The bonds between your related Sims are important and complex. As they experience life together there will be opportunities for both drama and unity that will affect family dynamics and Sims’ relationships with their family members.
Social Dynamics
Sometimes Sims just click. Your Sim might have natural social chemistry with a Sim they meet at a party – or they might naturally clash. Your Sim will now have preferences that determine which Sims they are socially compatible with, and which Sims are more likely to become their enemies.
Perfect for Families
Located along an ocean bay, San Sequoia was once a small fishing village and has grown into a bustling town. It features quiet suburbs, a lively rec center, a tight-knit community, and even an influential local family – the Robleses.
A Lasting Impact
Key choices and milestones will help to shape who your Sims are. Unlock and change personality traits throughout your Sims’ lives as they cope with midlife crises, respond to family requests to move in, and more. Self-discovery is a lifelong journey.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Jungle Adventure
Collect Ancient Artifacts
Sims can excavate and examine these precious objects closely at the archeology table, determining their quality, but watch out for ones that are fake!
Explore the Jungle
Sims gear up in hiking attire and prepare for danger as they trek deep into the jungle, revealing hidden pools, ancient artifact sites and ruins. Beware of natural dangers and obstacles, from deadly bees to poisonous spiders!
Discover a Hidden Temple
Venture deep inside the mysterious rooms where Sims may find priceless relics, great treasures or doom! Have your Sims visit again, where they will experience new challenges and uncover different treasures or traps.
Venture to Selvadorada
Your Sims can try traditional foods, dance to new music, practice native customs and shop for authentic décor. Dress your Sims in local fashion from outfits full of colorful patterns to durable clothing suitable for the jungle!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Nifty Knitting Stuff
Shop Online with Plopsy
The more you knit, the more you can earn on Plopsy, the new online crafting marketplace. List or buy everything from socks to sweaters to paintings and woodworking projects. For a small fee, you can find the perfect buyer to make the most profit!
Prepare to Rock
Plop down in one of the four new rocking chair variants to relax, knit, nap, or read a book. Elder Sims also have a new Reminiscence interaction. Recall the days of youth gone by in utter comfort, no matter what you remember.
Get Knitty with It
With a Yarn Basket, everyone from children to elders can pick up their new favorite hobby. Knit clothing for the whole family, or decorate with knitted plant hangers, rugs, and even toys for kids!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Everyday Clutter Kit
Show to Tell
Scattering used coffee cups to show your Sim is a big fan of caffeine or adding makeup and jewelry boxes to the top of their dresser for a hint at their morning routine are just a couple examples of the visual storytelling this kit empowers. 
It’s Personal
A cell phone case in your Sim’s favorite color, a stack of books and games placed off to the side in their living room, a creative display of pictures – this collection includes tons of small, personal, touches that will make your Sim’s house feel more like home.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Movie Hangout Stuff
Set the Mood with Fun Accent Pieces
Add a splash of color and flair to your Sim’s home with a collection of vivid décor and decorative lighting. Every great accent piece has a story, these are no exception.
Boho-chic Fashion
Dress in carefree style that’s perfect for hanging out during the day or lounging in the evening. Don’t forget the hairstyle to complement the look!
Poppin’ with the Popcorn Popper
Satisfy your Sim’s snack cravings with freshly popped kernels smothered in butter, cheddar, or sugary sweetness. Mmmm...Popcorn...
Gather Around the Projector Screen
Add a movie theater experience to your home and watch ten unique films from the comfort of your Sim’s couch or under a starry sky.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Modern Luxe Kit
Signs of Success
Upgrade your lifestyle with a little extravagance. Make a statement with luxury items like a TV disguised as wall art, designer handbags, sculptures, and a functional record player.
Bedroom Bliss
Design a stylish and inviting space with high-end pieces like a lavish bed with a tufted headboard, a vanity, a plush rug, and other decadent details.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Golden Years Kit
For Golden Lifestyles
With these fashions Elder Sims will be able to express their individuality in understated ways. There are styles for gardening and working out as well as comfortable clothes for everyday life.
Designed for Aging Sims
Tell the stories of aging Sims with clothing tailored specifically for Elder body types, as well as convenient accessories like glasses with straps, a toupee, gardening gloves, and more.
Decorate with Pet Prints
Have Sims decorate their living room with uniquely-designed décor and paw-some pet-inspired furniture for the kids’ room. From cute cat pillows for your Sims to bright beds for your cats and dogs, there is something for everyone.
Dress Your Cats and Dogs
Show your Sims and their pets are made for each other with matching pet outfits like a comfy robe and purr-fect pajamas. Put a glamorous dress on your feline friend or have your dog don a hat for the right occasion.
Care for a New Pet
Add a habitat to your household with all-new small pets like a hamster, rat, pygmy hedgehog, or miniature bubalus! Have your Sims name their new pet and learn how to take care of them.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Snowy Escape
Define Your Lifestyle
Unlock new personality and relationship effects with Lifestyles and Sentiments. Lifestyles manifest in response to your Sim’s actions and habits. Similarly, shared experiences inspire Sentiments and have a lasting impact on Sims’ relationships.
Create Your Sanctuary
Whether you prefer the traditional details or modern touches of Japanese-inspired furniture and décor, you can incorporate shoji doors, windows and screens, tatami mats, and more to design a home that complements your life.
Find Your Zen
Sim’s worries will float away in the natural hot springs, then unwind over hot pot around the kotatsu table or socialize while hiking through bamboo forests and snowy terrain.
Chase Your Thrills
Test your Sim’s skill and endurance with activities on the mountainside! Grab skis for a downhill ride, strap on a snowboard to shred, or bundle up on a sled with another Sim.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Get to Work
Retail
Sims interested in managing a store to earn some extra Simoleons can now run a business! Jump start your Sim’s entrepreneurial dreams by purchasing a Retail Store via the phone.
Scientist Career
Sims in the scientist career can conduct research and collect specimens that can be used to discover new compounds and devices. Your Sim's creations can even lead to new inventions!