Be nice to Patchy, and he might help you with your garden.
If your Pet likes someone you want them to dislike, you can use the Be Mean To interaction.
If your Pet dislikes someone you want them to like, use the Be Nice To interaction. 
Your Pets are bound to misbehave, it’s up to you whether you let that misbehavior continue or teach them to stop.
Pets are loveable animals, don’t forget to hug and kiss them daily.
Each dog will need to learn tricks individually, but you will gain skill for teaching any dog.
Leveling up your Pet Training Skill, you’ll be able to direct your dog to Perform Tricks. With luck, you might get some Simoleons from bystanders.
If you think your pet needs something but you’re not quite sure try asking your pet, “What’s Wrong.”
Pay attention to your pet’s thought balloons. They will give you a hint into what they need.
Don’t forget to keep your pet’s food bowl filled. A full belly pet is a happy pet!
Have you looked at your Notebook yet? You can review its contents at the top of the Phone Menu.
Use the new Move Lot tool in Build Mode to move your entire lot.
As a Doctor, perform well at the hospital to unlock new socials, treatments and tests!
The Baking skill allows Sims to bake delicacies on the Cupcake Factory as well as the stove.
Expensive Cameras have more sizing options for photos as well as the ability to zoom.
Your Sims can paint the world around them when they Paint from Reference on the easel. Paint all the things!
You can earn Perk Points that are used to buy Retail Perks while running a store.
Use your Sim’s phone to Buy a Retail Store.
Could the truth really be out there? Strange, dancing lights can lead to interesting out of body experiences.
A wise Detective takes their time and knows when they have enough clues to I.D. their perp.
You don't know what to expect when expecting? You can now deliver your baby at the Hospital!
Feeling sick? Recover faster by drinking Tea and Orange Juice.
Run more experim... we mean tests, to get better diagnosis from your Patients.
Don’t be afraid to experiment! Inventions are the heart of the scientist career.
Have you visited Magnolia Promenade? A world of shopping awaits!
Moving to Duplantier Dwelling
Scared?... who's scared??
Reading the Legend of Tina
Befriending Spectres
Preparing Séances
Guidry will be your guide while living in a Haunted House. We recommend asking him for help... if you want to survive.
Sims can rack up Reward Store Points by living in a Haunted House!
Something something Bonehilda
Place Sacred Candles around your Haunted House to protect your Sims!
If your Sim is too Scared, try hiding under the covers, asking for encouragement, or screaming at another Sim's face. One of them's gotta work.
Toddler Play Dates are perfect events for building lasting friendships between the neighborhood’s tots.
Toddlers with enough Imagination skill can Make Believe on the Toddler Jungle Gym to pretend they’re in outer space, or exploring a sunken shipwreck.
Mischievous Sims can sabotage the Fountain of Mirth... Don't say we didn't warn you.
Pressed for time? Not to worry. At a small cost you can make a feast using the Banquet Table.
Sims with High Mixology Skill can extend the party with the Party Extender Punch.
Sims with High Cooking Skill can fill the Fountain of Mirth with Cheese to create superb Cheese Dippers.
Don't look directly into the moon! Oh wait, is that...that's the sun. Um, yeah, look at the moon all you want.
You can paint a werewolf in CAS! I wouldn't do it in real life.
Synchronizing Howls...
When you Ask about Moonwood Mill with the locals... you're bound to discover a secret or two. 
Beware of Greg!
If there's one thing a rampaging werewolf can't figure out, it's a locked door.
There used to be a mill in Moonwood Mill.
Fur Real Though...
Howl's It Going?
Just Wolfin' Around...
Check out DJ R-3X in Oga’s Cantina. Ask him about Batuu for some helpful travel tips while you are on your adventures.
Talk to Lt. Agnon in the First Order District if you are looking to earn some First Order Reputation.
Talk to Resistance Members in the Resistance Encampment if you are looking to earn some Resistance Reputation.
Talk to Hondo Ohnaka in Oga’s Cantina if you are looking to earn some Scoundrel Reputation.
Visit Savi’s Workshop in Black Spire Outpost to purchase everything you need for your very own lightsaber.
Droids are extremely helpful at distracting Sims while you try and sneak about.
Visit the Droid Depot in the First Order District to order your very own Droid Companion.
The three Sages in The Magic Realm have the power to teach anyone the magical arts.
Casters Alley in The Magic Realm is your one stop shop for all things magic.
Legends say the Glimmerbrook waterfall holds secrets to a magical realm.
Sages will only teach the strongest spells to Spellcasters of the Virtuoso rank.
Familiars need to be bound to their owners in order to be summoned.
Apothecary Skill lets you craft more than just Ailment Cures. There're over 20 recipes to learn!
Starting at Naturopath Career Level 2, diagnose and treat clients at your Sim's home.
Ask Innisgreen Locals for Apothecary tips, history of the land, local myths, and more!
Fairy Homes allow Fairies to Regenerate Emotional Force and care for basic needs like Hygiene or Energy.
Tabletop Plant Plots aren't just for tables. Park your plant babies on counters and shelves, too!
Gnomes brought to life with Fairy Dust can help with cleaning, repairing, or even chasing away pesky visitors like the Grim Reaper!
Mix and match Live Houseplants in Tabletop Plant Pots to customize your own beautiful, low-maintenance plant babies.
Everdew is home to many verdant Sims.
Persistent bad moods will eventually lead to Imbalance for Teen Sims and older.
Luck comes and goes, but can also be changed: Luck Charms, Lucky Liquid, and Fairy Abilities to name a few.
Luck affects what happens when Sims Forage, Fish, Craft, Cook, and more.
As Sims gain Natural Living Skill, they'll learn new and better ways to solve all their vital Needs!
Sims with high Natural Living Skill still need to own a lot, but the rest of house is optional!
Fairies can also regain Emotional Force by drinking Emotion Potions.
Foraging in the Everdew neighborhood of Innisgreen has a chance of turning up Fairy Dust.
Rumor has it that if you show Trashley a tattoo picturing a raccoon, you may soften their heart...
Toddlers destroying all of your ceramics? Glaze them with an Unbreakable Coating!
Add some flair to your ceramics with a variety of colors from the Pottery Kiln.
Enhance your skills even while dreaming with the Skillfully Sleeping mastery perk.
Avoid inky hands from tattoo sessions by using the Digitalistic Sketchpad. Inspiration awaits!
The Raccoon Vase is modeled after a mythic individual that once roamed homes but hasn't been seen in ages.
Got the Mischief skill? Use the Candy Maker to electrify your sweet tooth with Shocked Candy!
The Ultrasonic Whistle perk might ssssound odd, but have you tried it with One-Time Entrance Fee?
Are you telling me I can monetize practically &lt;i&gt;any&lt;/i&gt; skill with the Sharing is Caring Hobby Whiteboard?!
Is mentoring all of your children too tedious? Why not try the Sharing is Caring Hobby Whiteboard for maximum teaching efficiency!
With Family Recipes, choose a dish, add an ingredient, sprinkle on a special touch, and name your creation!
Let's meet up at Hobby Meetups in Nordhaven!
Explore the shady alley in Iverstad—someone intriguing could be waiting.
Chugging the Wutant might appeal to young entrepreneurs, but it's not for the faint hearted!
Guslib, Gertkip, Galboos
Don't forget to equip climbing gear before your start your climb
Falling while trying to climb the Croft Icefall rock climb can result in death
Lifestyles are developed over time by habitual behavior! 
Taking a break can improve your success on the next climbing section of Mt. Komorebi
Don't miss out on dancing with Yamachan... he won't judge your skills we promise
Salaryperson by day... Salaryperson by night
Stocking Vending Machines