Finish Party with Bronze Score
Complete Party Goals to reach Silver Score
Finish Party with Silver Score
Complete Party Goals until you reach Gold Score
Finish Party with Gold Score
Hang out with your date and complete date goals to improve your score until the date ends
Finish Date
Select Ask on Date in the Social category on the phone or in the Relationship Panel (you must have a little romantic relationship score with a Sim for the option to appear)
Ask Someone on a Date
Successfully use a Romantic interaction on another Sim. Sims who are young adults or older can only romance other Sims who are young adults or older.
Romance Someone
Select Travel in the Travel category on the phone, invite at least one Sim, and pick a venue (such as a Lounge or Nightclub) to travel to (Sims might decline at night)
Invite Sims to Hangout at Venue
Use the Plan a Social Event option in the Social category on the phone and start a Dinner Party
Start a Dinner Party
Use the Plan a Social Event interaction in the Social category on the phone and start a House Party
Start a House Party
Use Mischevious interactions on other Sims to improve the Mischief skill
Reach Level 2 Mischief Skill
Use Funny interactions on other Sims or Tell Jokes at a microphone to improve the Comedy skill
Reach Level 2 Comedy Skill
Use the Practice Speech interaction on the mirror to build Charisma skill
Reach Level 2 Charisma Skill
Reward traits can be bought in the Reward Store in the Aspirations tab
Buy Observant Reward Trait
Use Friendly and Funny interactions on other Sims until you become Friends, progress can be tracked in the Relationship panel
Have Friends
Interact with the house you're visiting and knock on the door
Knock On Door
Use the phone and select Travel in the Travel category, then travel to an occupied residence from the map view
Visit Neighbor's Residence
While at home, use the Invite Over to Current Lot interaction in the Social category on your phone, and wait for invited Sim to arrive
Invite a Sim to your home
Interact with your active Sim and choose the Change Outfit interaction in the Outfits category
Change to Party Outfit
Work out on the exercise equipment until you reach Fitness skill level 2
Reach Level 2 Fitness Skill
Interact with a locker, or other dresser, and change outfit
Change to Athletic outfit
After you have selected the Travel option on the phone, select at least one Sim to travel with you
Invite Someone to Travel
Complete the Welcome Wagon by interacting with your guests or dismiss it early by clicking the circle in the Events tab on the top left.
Complete the Welcome Wagon
Use the Drink interaction on the Moodlet Solver in the Inventory
Drink Moodlet Solver
Life got you down? Call the Sadness Hotline from your Phone or simply Cry it Out on a Bed
Call the Sadness Hotline or Cry It Out while Sad
The Wabbit Tablet is a great tool to help your Toddler build skills and keep them entertained!\n\nBuy the Wabbit Tablet from the Computers category in Buy Mode.
Have your Toddler interact with the Wabbit Tablet
Reading to your Toddler is a great way to build their Imagination skill. You can even put them to sleep with a book!\n\nBuy a Toddler Bed from the Beds category in Buy Mode to be able to Read to your Toddler
Read to your Toddler
Sometimes a kid just needs a little extra help with that tough math problem.\n\nClick on your Child while they’re doing homework to Help with Homework
Help your Child with their homework
Try for a baby with your partner or adopt a baby through the Household category on the Computer
Have or adopt a baby!
Diapers, milk, sleep, and love! Making sure your baby is well cared for is key to them developing into a happy Toddler.
Take care of your baby
Choose books from bookshelves to read. Children learn faster when they are read to, but also benefit from reading themselves.
Have Sofia and Leonardo Read at the Library
Select a child and click on a toy. Playing and having fun is an important part of being a child.
Have Leonardo and Sofia Play with Toys
Click on fun objects at the park and play with Sofia and Leonardo.
Play at the park on play structures, monkey bars, swings, or with other children.
Pick a New Style for Sofia
Pick a New Style for Leonardo
Edit Leonardo and Sofia's clothing, make-up, jewelry, and more by selecting &quot;Plan Outfit&quot;, &quot;Try On Outfits&quot;, or &quot;Change Sim&quot; on a mirror or dresser. Sims have &quot;Everyday&quot; outfits, as well as Athletic, Formal, Sleeping, Party, and more, which can all be customized using mirrors and dressers.
From a phone or computer, teenage Sims can get a part time job to earn Simoleons and build skills. 
Get a Part Time Job for Sofia and Leonardo
After doing a day's homework, children and teenagers can click on their homework in inventory to do extra homework. 
Do Extra Credit Work
Direct Sofia or Leonardo to Cook, Clean Dirty Objects or Surfaces, Empty Trash, and More
Make Sofia and Leonardo do household chores and cleaning
Kids can fish with adults or by themselves. Find a fishing spot by exploring worlds and looking for a fishing sign. 
Go Fishing with Children
Mentally stimulating activities before school can be a great way to boost grades
Send Leonardo and Sofia to School while in a Focused Mood
Find grade school homework in Sofia or Leonardo's inventory.
Make Sofia and Leonardo do their homework
Put Away Food Leftovers for Later
After your families have finished eating, click on a food item to put it away for later.
When you don't feel like cooking, kids can feed themselves with leftovers or quick snacks
Have a Child Grab Leftovers or Quick Meal from Fridge
When children's hygiene is low, they can click on a bathtub or shower object to get clean.
Give Sofia and Leonardo a Bath or Shower
Click on the meal you've cooked to call Sims to sit down and eat.
Call Family to the Table to Eat
Click on a child bed and select the &quot;Assign Bed...&quot; interaction. Choose one bed for Sofia and one bed for Leonardo.
Assign Sofia and Leonardo to a Child Bed
Poke or Cuddle Voodoo Doll
Nova will gain skills at the speed of light after drinking the Snaggle Fluster! Try using any Programming Interaction while your Sim has this moodlet on them. The effect only lasts 3 hours so hurry up!
Program while Snaggle Flustered
Read the Postcard
Nova received a mysterious postcard from Sixam. To read it, find the postcard in her Inventory and select Read.
Consider taking a day off if your Sim is stressed! Vacation days are generated every time your Sim goes to work. To take a day off, click on the Phone and select Take Vacation Day. 
Take a Day Off Work
Make Plugin\nor Virus
To perform either Make a Plugin or Make a Virus, click on the computer. These interactions will help Nova increase her programming skill, a necessity to keep getting promoted!
Invite Lewis to have pizza by clicking on the pizza and selecting Call to Meal once your Sim places it on a surface.
Call to Meal
Click on the telescope and select Observe the Sky, Stargaze or Moongaze. Using the telescope increases your Sim's Logic Skill.