Stickiness is harsh white lines on a glutinous peach and blueberry dessert. Texture is a sharp and fleeting sensorial dance. What is edible becomes re-edible. Mochi Booger Parade. A new painting by new age artist/chef/writer StickiMo.
Cloud Space Thing
A meditation of creation and balance set against a backdrop of cosmic wonder. Princess Cordelia's astronomers were forced to scour the skies until they found a nebula in the shape of her favorite horse. Nearby, a fire raged on.
Snow Falling on Cinders Abstract Art
This mesmerizing masterpiece was inspired by the world-famous forest fire that destroyed thousands of acres in the 1920s. A study of dark and light, sobriety and celebration, this piece is profound.
Unlocked at level 9 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
Light of My Life Painting
At the end of every dark tunnel is a ray of light. This radiant painting ensures you don’t forget it.
Birds of a Feather Print Set
Express your love for nature with this charming collection of bird prints. Each fanciful feathered friend is a treasure, but flocked together, they are the epitome of contemporary chick-chic.
Viva More of La Landscape
Transport yourself completely to a historic country village with this large, sweeping, lifelike landscape. Offering a broader view than Viva La Landscape , Viva More of La Landscape reveals the full fountain in all its thundering grandeur, and a convenient, charming hotel beyond.
Floral Revelation 
Picture yourself lying in a field of sunflowers, gazing up at the brilliant blue of the sky. A migraine is coming on, but you are too relaxed to mind. Instead, you admire how the sparkling pre-headache aura dances across the merry yellow petals of the flowers, which arch delightedly toward the warmth of the summer sun. Now keep the picture.
Ceci N’est Pas Une Poire
So much more than a still life, this elegant painting piques the appetite with the softly lit curves of its tantalizing fruit. Smooth, firm golden pears bump up against the flirtatious pink petals of a carefully arranged bouquet, which nestles contentedly on a bed of white linen.
Coq au Peinture
Nothing cheers up a home like a gallant coq. Jolly, proud and bursting with character, this friendly fellow brings a smile to everyone he greets. Admire him from across the room or step in close to absorb his finer details.
Viva La Landscape
Transport yourself to the beautiful countryside! Just one glance at this landscape, and you will feel as if your entire home has been whisked off on a romantic getaway. Lounge in the spacious square, savor the mist of the fountain on your skin, revel in the majestic chimes of the clock, and feel your heart skip into the hills beyond.
Superasymmetry
Not all scientists advocate string theory to explain our universe. But all interior designers think this artful depiction of quantum mechanics would go awesome with your wallpaper.
The Amour-propre
Reclamation Homeware truly understands art. Art is simply defined as man’s last hope to crawl out from the shadows of fact and expose himself to the piercing light of infinity. It challenges us to climb mental ladders and dive into unknown expanses of self. Plus, ours is made of garbage!
The Recondite
Proof is a prison from which curiosity languishes and dies, its limp arm dangling between the bars of its cell where it once stretched toward the light of freedom. Art is the key that unlocks the cell door and liberates our captive minds, daring them to run as fast as they can.
Rock My Universe Pinup Girl
Blast off to your happy place with every glance at this devilish pinup. 3…2…1. See? You’re smiling.
The Intrepid
Too often we force ourselves to label what we see, what we hear, taste and touch. Here is a painting. Is it a good painting? Before you apply that label, consider that definition destroys exploration, allows us to sit back and dust off our hands and say “all done.” Art is never done being art!
#1 Mom Wall Decal
The only thing kids love more than trees is cotton candy! Your child will be the envy of all when you decorate his room with cotton candy trees! 
Baby Bunny Nursery Art
This adorable little rabbit is so lifelike, you can almost see its nose twitching. What, what’s that? What does it smell? Oh, of course. Diapers!
Baby Bug Nursery Art
Did you know that the average ladybug can eat 5,000 other bugs in its lifetime? We think that’s why her eyes are bulging. The artist captured this happy little critter on bug 4,999. Darling!
&quot;Working for Peanuts&quot; Wall Painting
A portrait of a cheerful elephant to enliven your nursery or playroom.
Baby Dino Nursery Art
Give your baby a window into prehistoric times with this charming little dinosaur painting. Reduced to 0.3% of its actual size, this pleasing herbivore is as harmless as they come, but we locked it behind glass just to be safe.
Portrait of Lady Mimsy Alcorn Shallot in the Garden
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Reaper's Rewards Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nA portrait of Lady Mimsy Alcorn Shallot enjoying an afternoon in the gardens of the Von Haunt estate. Some people say they've seen the painting move, but that's probably just an urban legend, right?
Visions of Home
Family, friends, the countryside, the buildings and the roads you grow to know so well—these are all familiar memories of home. Enjoy warmth in color, displays of everyday life, and scenes of the world around you in a collection inspired by a life in West Africa.
A Recipe for Good Times by Mohammed Iman Fayaz
Every family has their own recipe, a recipe for the good times. In every family there is some sweetness, some tenderness, some silliness, and last but not least - some love. No matter the order, it is what makes a family your family, and the one you love - and loves you back!
Bembe Maraj's Hand-Woven Tapestry
The intricate tapestries hand-woven by Bembe Maraj are world-renowned for their use of color, design, and story. Each is carefully inlaid with a vision of his past—though, to most sims, these stories remain hidden behind geometric motif and vibrant colors.
Stride With Pride By Jupiter Stevens-Hill
Celebrate Pride bringing the parade to your Lot with this beautiful piece by the talented Jupiter Stevens-Hill (MidnightFox452). This piece commemorates the values of diversity and inclusion of this historical and important event in a fun and colorful composition matching the spirit of the celebration!\n\nWe hope that you enjoy it as much as we do and display it proudly in your Lot!
Unlocked by completing Tier 4 Of the Positivity Challenge Aspiration 
Unlock by completing Tier 4 of the Positivity Challenge Aspiration. Only available while challenge is active.
Unlocked by completing Tier 3 Of the Positivity Challenge Aspiration 
Golf Flag
A decorative golf flag.
Littlest Neighborhood Library
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Deck the Palms Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nSharing is caring and that's what this little Library is about. Share your favorite novels with your neighbors or stash them away to make room for more books. They'll never know!
lipstickGEN_01
lipstickGEN_01
Lip Balm
Apply directly to the lips.
Lip Balm Lid
A lid for your lip balm.
Plank Perfection Wall Light
Embrace the beauty of a simple plank and let its gorgeous symmetry shine forth. Recommended for extremely narrow hallways, small rooms, and other places where space is at a premium.
Beam Team Vanity Light
In a good relationship, the spotlight is shared, so this intelligent light fixture provides not one, not three, not five lights, but two-the perfect number, the ultimate balance:  a light for each loving party, held together by a cold metal box.
Lightbox Wall Fixture
Add a splash of light to any wall with this casual modern sconce. Cascading down from a brushed nickel box, the slightly flared linen shade evokes angled rays of light, but adds nothing more, being minimal and all.
Long John Buttercups Wall Sconce
Whenever Princess Cordelia's Submarine dove or rose, she enjoyed watching the lights briefly flicker. This particular lamp was named after Princess Cordelia's first pirate boyfriend, Captain Long John Buttercups. He always said this sconce reminded him of his old galleon.
Old Life Gas Lamp
When Princess Cordelia designed this lamp, she was feeling nostalgic for the land she left behind. While sitting in the workshop on her submersible, the Eppsilon, she thought of the dimly-lit gas lights that lined the streets and the silhouettes of women in long dresses and men in top hats walking by. Sigh.
Sea Glass Wall Sconce
The glass of this wall sconce was once clear and crisp. A special machine on the Lady Cordelia’s Submarine processes the glass and gives it this opaque, soft feel. The machine blasts the glass with sand, salt, and steam which weathers this sconce in the same way as natural sea glass.
Cast Iron Flood Light
It can get dark under the sea, particularly when pirates keep toppling into your lamps. This cast iron wall sconce is nearly indestructible, especially when mounted above hat-level. It casts a light so intense that Princess Cordelia’s 2nd pirate boyfriend was known to use it for tanning, until she dumped him for being so vain.
Anemone Wall Sconce
Princess Cordelia was known to lounge by a tide pool for hours, just watching the fragile beauty entrapped within. One of her favorite creatures was the anemone, its petal-like tentacles waving innocently as it waited to ensnare its lunch. With subtle curls and an organic, unassuming form, this elegant wall sconce was created in the anemone’s honor.
Tunicate Wall Sconce
If you can't live under the sea like Princess Cordelia, bring the ocean life to you! The Tunicate Wall Sconce is modeled after one of the most beautiful types of sea sponges. It was Princess Cordelia's favorite sconce. She often parked her submarine outside a reef and just soaked in the sea life, metaphorically.
Beauty in a Box Mission Lighting
Never has a simple box contained so much beauty. With slender slats running up, down and straight across its glowing white interior, this Mission-style wall sconce adds a touch of classic elegance to your dining or living space.
Angling for Light Candle Sconce
The true artisan craftsmanship of this wall sconce is made ever more apparent by the faux-candle fixture behind its angled frame. At once elegant and rustic, its gentle flickering light creates just the right ambiance for Mission-style homes of unparalleled taste.
The Harmonic 
Birthed from recycled didgeridoo parts, the Harmonic tube light fuses the glow of tomorrow’s purpose with the essential vibrations of what has come to pass. Witness that middle space. Be an instrument. Find the bathroom in the middle of the night. The Harmonic, by Reclamation Homeware.
Kid's Wall Light
Worried about the “tone” in your kids’ room? Lighten up with this awesome wall light!
The Cage Outdoor Lighting
You never can tell when someone will steal your light. Constructed of rugged, unyielding metal, this theft-proof iron cage puts your lighting literally behind bars-a blunt reminder of what will happen should anyone think of taking it.
The Cutlass of Light
Disguised as modern lighting design, this beautiful light doubles as a secret weapon. Of course, you may need some practice channeling its power. It’s a slippery slope to darkness.
Naked Truth Fluorescent Light
This blindingly bright light doubles as a white noise machine since its low hum is actually somewhat soothing.
Unforgiving Light Wall Sconce
Frigid steel, icy glass, and the cold, cold glow of LED lighting casts clarity on all who pass beneath. Unfinished styling complements our full industrial collection, for the ultimate in urban chic. 
Bunker Be Bright Wall Light
If your space is devoid of natural light, get the next best thing: the Bunker Be Bright. Not even pretending to be attractive, these steel-caged monstrosities cast a cold fluorescent glow that doubles as a repellant against zombies and vampires.