Large Lily Pad
A lily pad big enough for a frog to sit upon.
Country Fish
Classic pond or river fish! Purely decorative—no eating allowed!
Fireflies
You would not believe your eyes... look at all these fireflies!
Mallard Ducks
Quack, quack, quack, quackity, quack, quack.
Mosquitoes
They love plasma as much as a vampire! But they also fly!
Reid's Reeds
This clump of reeds provides the perfect habitat for swarms of flies. If that sounds appealing to you, then by all means... please continue.
Jerry's Reeds
This particular strain of reeds was originally grafted by scientists and doctors at St. Mary's Hospital as part of their research into experimental vaccines intended to counter parasitic fungal infections. It never amounted for much other than its ability to attract fireflies.
Unidentified Submerged Object
What's that mesmerizing light? It seems alien in nature!
&lt;i&gt;Gator benjamincollis&lt;/i&gt;
This is the swamp. This is... gator country.
Mr. Ducksworth
When the wind blows hard and the sky is black... Ducks swim together!
Dragonfly Swarm
You've heard a real buzz going around town... Unfortunately it's not the latest juicy gossip, it's just a swarm of dragonflies.
Falling Water Modern Fountain
Three stacked boxes overflow with water in this excruciatingly modern fountain.
Spitting Fish Fountain
A playful fountain to add wit and whimsy to your outdoor spaces.
Triple-Tiered Fountain
This classic fountain design consists of a tier of round basins each spilling water into another.
Let There Be Light! Laser Show
Life is always a party with an instant-on laser light show that’s glowing with surprises. Light up the night with special animations featuring the Freezer Bunny or Grim Reaper. It’s Laserrific!
Bethan Privacy Partition
A quaint old-fashioned room divider perfect for preserving your modesty as you slip into something more comfortable.
Knight of the Octagon Table Suit of Armor
Originally worn by Sir Lottalance, this suit of armor will add flair to your foyer or library. It's good for haunted houses, too.
Domec Floral Floor Vase
A tall floor vase perfect for postmodern floral arrangements.
Basic Room Divider
Use this lightweight portable partition as a room divider, dressing room screen, or simply to hide unsightly piles of junk from prying eyes.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Painter career while in either Master of the Real or Patron of the Arts branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Painter career while in either Master of the Real or Patron of the Arts branch.
Artiste Supply Taboret
A taboret is a small cabinet with multiple drawers designed to hold pigments, brushes and other art supplies. You could call it a cabinet, but you know artistes.
Unlocked at level 9 of the Painter career while in the Patron of the Arts branch
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Painter career while in the Patron of the Arts branch
Stack of Canvases
Half a dozen or so canvasses await their eventual arrival in a museum.
Unlocked at level 5 of the Painter career.
Unlock by reaching level 5 of the Painter career.
Painting Canvas Storage Rack
 A practical, wooden storage rack for all your painterly works in progress.
Unlocked by completing a Wedding Social Event at Silver level or higher.
Unlock by completing a Wedding Social Event at Silver level or higher.
Wedding Pillar with Floral Basket
Line your wedding aisle with these decorative pillars topped by a bowl of bright blooming flowers.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Criminal career while in the Boss branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Criminal career while in the Boss branch.
Stolen Necklace of the Late Duchess Pinky
The sparkling fruits of your criminal labor, in a fancy display case for all to admire.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Criminal career while in the Boss branch.
A Large Boulder
This boulder's career has hit rock-bottom.
Lonely Boulder
I want no boulder, no boulder but this one.
A Statuesque Boulder
This boulder claims that it is actually a sculpture of an older, grander boulder.
Rock of Wonder
Wizened mystics once used the surface of this sedimentary marvel to divine the future and conduct ancient, secret ceremonies. Legend says it retains its powers still....
Hipster Rock Duo
Admire the studiously disheveled look of this on-trend pair of mini-boulders. Get them before it’s cool.
Stone of Versatility
Beautifully smooth multi-purpose rock with contoured flat surface for use as patio décor or lawn decoration!
Silent Sentinel Rock
Forged by millennia of intense compression and geothermic combustion, this rock is finally ready to stand guard over your front walkway.
Apprentice Rock Set
A matched set featuring an experienced older rock to act as the primary decoration, and a smaller novice rock to learn and develop important rock skills.
Cove Stone Cluster
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nA cluster of rocks excavated from Willow Creek, cleaned up and ready to be placed in your garden.
Cove Stone - Flat
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nDecorating with this flat-topped rock will feel like you have a miniature mesa in your backyard!
Cove Stone - Round
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nShaped in the waters of the Willow Creek Canal, this rounded rock eventually made its way to shore. Now it can make its way to your yard!
Cliff Rocks
These rocks cling precariously to the sides of cliffs.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Astronaut career while in the Interstellar Smuggler branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Astronaut career while in the Interstellar Smuggler branch.
Retro Rocketship
During the war, rockets were made by hand, and kids rocketed to school both ways uphill! In snow! Let this museum-quality relic be a reminder of just how easy you astronauts have it today.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Astronaut career while in the Space Ranger branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Astronaut career while in the Space Ranger branch.
Apollo Rocketship
Machine-crafted from carbon-fiber sheathing forged from minerals found in space geodes, this space vehicle promises the smoothest, most luxurious ride to interplanetary adventure.
Steampunk Flyamajig
Artfully weathered bronze panels and whizz-bang gaslights conceal a sleek modern rocketship with the most up-to-date technology on the inside. It’s only what’s on the outside that counts, right?
roadSO_CV_01_EnvFootPrint
roadSO_CV_01_EnvFootPrint
Straight Road
This is the end of the road.
Right Road Piece
Left Road Piece
Chunk of Road