Why do you have to be so mean? It's my birthday party!
Raise your Friendship bar by successfully completing friendly and funny socials.
Become Friends with a Sim
There are many levels of friendship. Keep socializing with Sims and experiment with the various options.
Tend Bar for 10 minutes
Bake a Cake
Get a Flirty conversation going to make the right moves available.
Attempt to Seduce Your Date
Ask Someone about Their Day
Add Birthday Candles to a Cake
Click on an object and select Possess.
Possess an Object
Order food from a Food Stall.
Shop at a Cart
Vita Alto
Unknown
Simon Crumplebottom
Sef Darong
Rodrigo Thebe
Rodrigo De Pablo
Queen Thebe
Prudence Crumplebottom
Nick Alto
Lina Darong
Imani Darong
Eniola Darong
Delilah Dreamer
Davis Dreamer
Darren Dreamer
Darleen Dreamer
Cornelia Goth
Bert Alto
Ade Darong
Repair Service
A Repair Technician repaired broken objects in your house while you were away. You were charged {2.Money}.
Price
Nanny
Mail Carrier
Scheduled Maid
One Time Maid
A maid cleaned your house while you were away. You were charged {2.Money}.
Professional Gardener
Scheduled Gardening Service
One Time Gardening Service
A Gardener tended to your plants while you were away. You were charged {2.Money}.
Zoomers Food Delivery
Select a Meal
Delivery Fee
Add to a roof for a more elegant, finished look.
Stepped Roof Trim
Square Roof Trim
Simple Roof Trim
No Roof Trim
No Roof Trim
Chamfer Roof Trim
Angled Out Roof Trim
Angled Roof Trim
Beveled Out Roof Trim
Beveled Roof Trim
Pentagonal Roof
Octagonal Roof
Once you've placed a roof, use the horizontal and vertical arrows to resize, the round handles to adjust the curve, the curved arrows to rotate it, and the multi-arrow button to move it. Press Shift+C with a roof selected to toggle Advanced Curvature Mode on and off.
Hipped Roof (Diagonal)
Hexagonal Roof
Half Hipped Roof (Diagonal)
Half Hipped Roof
Half Gabled Roof (Diagonal)
Half Gabled Roof
Gabled Roof (Diagonal)
Gabled Roof
Roof - Flat Triangle
Roof - Flat Round
Roof - Flat Octagon
Roof - Flat Square
Roof - Flat
Circular Roof
Hipped Roof
Mediterranean Magic Tile Roof
Transform your home into a classic Mission-style abode with the distinctive allure of rippled clay tile.&#x9;
Nature’s Mosaic Composite Roof
Dress your home in a beautiful mélange of natural tones with striking clay tiles from our Mosaic collection.
Weathered Wood Shingles
Why live in fear of the elements? Embrace the allure of time-weathered wood and live at one with nature.
Happy Haunts Shingle Roof
They say this shape pleases the spirits. Doesn’t it please yours? 
Shake it Up
Cover your home in class and style with real shakes from our fake cedar forest.
Eco-Luster Composite Roof
You’ll love loving the planet with this energy-certified, eco-friendly, renewable, rapidly biodegradable roof!
“Woodn’t” You Wonder Composite Roof
It looks so much like real wood, even our installers were fooled (but don’t worry, they know now)!
Fairly Weathered Farm Shingles
Nearly indistinguishable from a dilapidated old farm roof, these composite shingles combine the vintage look of weathered wood with a lifetime guarantee.
Country Carriage House Roof
These quaint scalloped shingles add an air of country charm to any abode.
My Own Corrugated Castle&#x9;
Get the corrugated metal roof of your dreams with our new My Own Corrugated Castle series. May be used as a flooring material.
Gravel Delite Roof
This ultra-light gravel provides a natural barrier from the sun without over-weighting your roof. May be used as a flooring material.
Sheet Metal Roof