Pumped!
With encouragement like that, there's nothing {0.SimFirstName} can't do!
Overawed by Opponents
Sometimes knowing more about your opponents just means being more certain of your impending loss.
Competitive Edge
There's nothing like the feeling of knowing an opponent's weakness that you can exploit.
Angry Employees
Management is pleased, but all the other employees aren't too keen right now. 
Alien Contact
Making first contact with an alien life form is what this job is all about!
Agency Hero
A fellow agent's life was saved!
Advice Fixed
It's always good to offer some better advice after some not so good advice.  Nice save!
Project Thrown Out
So much hard work right into the trash. Sigh. 
No Competition
There's no way to lose a competition with only one contestant.
More Paperwork
Request for gadgets, form GRF-026. Request for ice cream maker, form ICM-009....
Incompetent Agent
Holding an agent's hand wasn't in the job description, was it?
Horrible Host
That was 20 miserable minutes, and no good press even came out of it.
Stunt Driver Moment
Chased Off Stage
Lost a gig to a dazed bassist with a need for guitar solos.
Canceled Project
So much hard work down the drain. Might have been better to stay quiet.
It's disappointing to lose a friend like this, but cheating is wrong.
Angry Friend
Yellow Journalism
Maybe just sticking to the facts would have been a better move.
It feels great to be successful in a career you love!
Worked All Night
{0.SimFirstName} spent all night working only to miss the meeting {M0.he}{F0.she} was preparing for.
Thorough Thrashing
Test Retaken
Missing recess to retake a test? Bummer.
Starting a riot makes for a great story.
Improving Camaraderie
High morale among employees will inspire them to work hard.
Extra Homework
There's nothing fun about getting a double dose of homework.
Apparently the worst insult is one a bully doesn't quite understand.
Epic Wedgie
Doctored-Up Boss
Okay, that was funny. Perhaps not completely appropriate, but still funny.
Some well-aimed verbal barbs can be enough to protect oneself from bullies.
Insulting Nickname
How long is it going to take to live that name down?
TV Birthday
Phew! It wasn't an actual birthday after all. Just a silly TV show! Social status secure.
The Fumes
Toxic fumes can really do a number on you.
Tasks Cleared Out
It feels good to focus and get a lot done with few distractions.
A natural talent for the spy game will take you far.
Bugged Office
Maybe learning the sound bugs can make will be useful in the future.
Sharp Instincts
Sometimes, the best thing to do is take a nap. Especially after inhaling toxic fumes.
Racket Anguish
Pager Worries
Well, that was a waste of time.
One Less Friend
Who needs all those friends! Friendship is overrated.
The dullest day of all time.
Numbed Mind
Mentor Discovered
The Triangle is going to be a great mentor.
Fearless Hipsters
It's too bad that not everyone values branching out in a new direction....
Dissuaded Bullies
Tackling a difficult subject for the report will pay off long term. Always challenge oneself!
Difficult Report
Demo Scramble
Prioritizing work (and checking email) are just as important as getting a lot done.
Branching Out
It feels good to take on a new challenge and be successful.
Undercover Stories
Best place for an audio wire: on the target.
Maybe keeping the money would have been best after all.
Principal's Speech
No Lunch
Cheating never pays off. And in this case, the cost was an empty stomach.
Missing Fingernails
They'll grow back. In the meantime, maybe {0.SimFirstName} should wear gloves.
Kitten Savior
Humorous Boss
Henchmen Chat
There's always something new to learn about espionage.
Finders Keepers
Copied a Classmate
Thinking is hard. Copying is easier--and a lot less honest.
Assignment Extension
Whew! Extra time is definitely the remedy for this assignment.
Unneeded Questioning
Unsurprising in the context of a group project, one person's stuck doing all the work.
Slacking Classmates