Object Spawner 05
Object Spawner 04
Object Spawner 03
Object Spawner 02
Object Spawner 01
Noisemaker for Dum-dums
This instrument is so intuitive, anyone can play it! But just in case, here you go: Pick it up. Wave it. Listen. Sound! 
A Nesting Block
One of many.
Tiny Teacher Nesting Blocks
The Tiny Teacher Nesting Blocks are a perfect way for your toddler to learn about how the world works. Whether they're practicing to become an architect or just learning colors, these blocks are here for them.
namePlate_bm
namePlate_bm
This scrap-wood violin is actually playable. Maybe.
The Virtuoso Violin
This antique violin was meticulously crafted by a ghost from a legendary artisan family. Its tone could make a stone wall cry.
Crafted Violin
Stringvarius Violin
A classic stringed instrument with a distinctive hour-glass shape, arching neck, and f-holes. It produces crisp, high-pitched notes using a bow drawn across the strings in a sawing motion.
My First Handmade Fiddle
Your child is one of a kind and deserves an instrument as truly unique as they are. This handcrafted violin is so full of character, no one will notice if your child can’t play it.
True Prodigy Child’s Violin
Your child is destined for greatness, and you’ll give anything to ensure their prodigious talents are realized. This violin-this is their ticket. Spare no expense. Only for use by children.
Amateur Hour Child’s Violin
No need to break the bank on your child’s first violin. Let’s just make it look fun and exciting, in nice bright colors, since it probably won’t sound so good for a while. Only for use by children.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Entertainer career while in the Music branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Entertainer career while in the Music branch.
Classical Genius Antique Piano
Go down in musical history with a piano as exqusite as you are. This elegant antiqiue has been fully refurbished and re-gilt, so if your talent doesn’t sparkle, at least your piano can.
Tickle My Ivories Grand Piano
Learn to play this ebony dream, and control the mood of entire crowds at the touch of its faux-ivory keys. Gain even more attention by hiring a babe to lie across the top, or just do it yourself.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Entertainer career while in the Music branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Entertainer career while in the Music branch.
Rock Legend Signed Guitar
Autographed by rock legend, Dusty Starlight, this resonant beauty looks awesome, sounds awesome, and makes you even more awesome!
Carved Guitar
Crafted Guitar
Music just sounds better from a handcrafted guitar, unless the handcrafting went badly, in which case it sounds much, much worse.
Pied Piper Acoustic Guitar
Up your cool factor by learning to play guitar! A truly social instrument, guitars such as these have been known to attract small crowds of admirers, wherever they’re played.
Freezer Bunny Blues Guitar
Tickle the crowd pink after plucking just a few strings of this rhythm rocker.
Grim's Ghoulish Guitar
Record keeping is never easy, but we, at the Filers for the Dead Files, are happy to know a simple guitar was more than enough for you to sign away your first born. We, and Grim, appreciate your potential deposit, and wish you pleasant days... until we see you again.
musicBowGEN_01
musicBowChildGEN_01
musicBowChild_bm
Look at Me Monkey Bars
How do Sim children stay so strong and healthy? Why, on Look at Me Monkey Bars, the leading brand in Sim playground equipment! This set is impossible to resist, transforming your little couch potato into a fit little monkey.
Slightly Smelly Cellphone
Is this the Royal Envoy's cellphone?
Great Wall Mirror
Frame yourself in pure innocence with the Great Wall Mirror. Clean, simple lines never overpower your beauty. Less mirror, more you.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Entertainer career while in the Comedy branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Entertainer career while in the Comedy branch.
What a Star You Are Wall Mirror
Let your star qualities shine. This star-shaped wall mirror is hand-decorated with fuzzy dots to be one-of-a-kind, just like you!
Captain Chaz MacFreeling Porthole Mirror
Princess Cordelia’s second pirate boyfriend was handsome and, relative to other pirates, had good hygiene! Things started off great, but the princess noticed him looking in the mirror all the time; so vain. She promptly sent him on his way, giving him a handful of citrus for any future scurvy outbreaks, and naming all her mirrors after him.
Imprisoned Vanity Mirror
No matter how long the Princess called the Eppsilon home, it was nonetheless a submersible, and like all submersibles, it was made of cold, unforgiving metal. In her sadder moments-most often after dumping a pirate boyfriend-Princess Cordelia favored this hostile glass, which reminded her of her tragic fate. Sigh.
Captain Chaz MacFreeling Elegant Mirror
Princess Cordelia’s second pirate boyfriend was handsome and, relative to other pirates, had good hygiene! Things started off great, but the princess noticed him looking in the mirror all the time; so vain. She promptly sent him on his way, giving him a handful of citrus for any future scurvy outbreaks, and naming all her mirrors after him.
Mission Not Accomplished Wall Mirror
The perfect complement to the Forgot My Mission Full-length Mirror, this elegant, Mission-style wall mirror is more decorative than practical. Gaze into its depths and find yourself sliced up. Not a problem for lunchmeat. Sims? You decide.
Sunny Days Wall Mirror
Greet the rising sun with a grin every morning. This cheery kids’ mirror will put your little rooster in the brightest of moods, whether it’s light out yet or not.
Riveting Standing Mirror
Meticulously crafted from reclaimed recycled particle board, the aged metal framing features exposed rivets for the ultimate urban effect.
Pain to Pane Mirrored Medicine Cabinet
The only thing exposed on this medicine cabinet is the hardware. And maybe your face, you know, when you look in the mirror. But anything else you keep behind the glass, stays behind the glass. Novel!
I Only Have Eyes for Me Wall Mirror
You can’t get enough of gazing at yourself, so you absolutely need more mirrors! Follow every careless movement, peer shyly into your own sweet eyes, and be sure to toss yourself a backwards glance if you’re ever forced to leave your mirror.
Straight-up Wall Mirror
You don’t need some fancy frame to pretty up your look. You want the raw, honest truth. And this mirror will give it to you.
Morning Glory Full-Length Mirror
The same simple style you loved in our Morning Glory Bathroom Mirror is now longer to reflect your best self from the top of your head to the tip of your toes.
Morning Glory Bathroom Mirror
This is a straightforward bathroom mirror that will make you look your best while brushing your teeth.
Wondrous Me Wall Mirror
A charming companion to the Weathered Wonder dresser, this antiqued wall mirror is so quaintly battered, it makes you look as fresh and innocent as a flower. Gaze into its depths and admire the tenderness of your reflection. See it. Believe it. Cherish it forever.
Vision Of You
You’ll love the way your reflection looks when it's framed by beautiful, hand-carved walnut. One gaze and you’ll find that person staring back at you irresistible. Let yourself see you the way we see you seeing yourself, with the Vision Of You mirror.
Vacuum-Safe Mirror
Astronauts used this for the first selfie in space!
Garlic-Scented Mirror
Why buy expensive lie detectors when you can check for vampirism with this one weird trick! A mirror for every occasion.
The Covert
Salvaged from the hull of a downed government aircraft, this mirror shines like no other.
The Source
Who are we, but reflections of our own divine purpose? If you don’t understand, simply close your eyes—and see without seeing. Now, open them. There is a mirror wall cabinet. It is you. You are perfect.  
The Sincerity
Stark. Honest. True. You can stare into Sincerity but it will only stare back. It can give nothing that you did not bring to it. If you dislike the answer The Sincerity gives you, ask yourself: do you really know the question? Made from reclaimed trash and highly reflective tin foil.
Who's That Baby? Baby Mirror
Nothing is more delightful than watching babies discover their reflection. Such surprise-to see themselves alone in a jungle, surrounded by dinosaurs, bunnies and unpredictable elephants with long, reaching trunks… 
Cloud Cutie Mirror
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;Designed By: peacemaker_ic&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThis shiny little cloud mirror has all the feels. Just like you. So whether you're feeling like everything's coming up rainbows or want to storm off to rain on someone's parade, this little cutie gets it.
Sweet Dreams Are Made Of You
Reflective surface? Yes. Wall hangable? Yes. Everything is there… the only thing missing is you.
Let There Be Plumbobs Award