Click on Build Mode and search for a Bed
Use the Business App to Find a Job
Angry Moodlet
Click on the Career tab to view Career Performance
Find Telescope in Inventory
Check your Sim's Needs here
Find Laptop in Inventory
Answer Phone when it Rings
See Sims that Sofia or Leonardo have met in their Relationship Panel. If no Sims are here, travel and meet new teens!
Level up a teenager's aspiration by completing wishes in the Aspiration Panel
See Sofia and Leonardo's performance in school here
After doing homework once, select homework from a Sim's inventory to do extra credit work.
Pick a New Teenage Aspiration for Sofia and Leonardo by choosing &quot;Select New Aspiration&quot; in the Aspiration Panel
Throw social events like a Birthday Party by choosing the &quot;Social&quot; category on your phone.
Travel to the Park by selecting the &quot;Travel&quot; category from Phone and choosing a Park Venue. Pick Sofia and Leonardo to travel with you!
Travel to the Library by selecting the &quot;Travel&quot; category from Phone and choosing a Library Venue. Pick Sofia and Leonardo to travel with you!
See a child's skills in the &quot;Skills&quot; Panel. Perform intellectual, artistic, physical, or social activities to develop a child's skills.
Pick a New Child Aspiration for Sofia and Leonardo by clicking on the Select New Aspiration button
Level up a Child's Aspiration by selecting Leonardo or Sofia and completing their wishes in the Aspiration Panel. 
Get Into a Focused Mood Before School. See when school starts here. Play Chess, Read Books, or Purchase Focusing Decorations!
Buy a Chess Table from the &quot;Activities and Skills&quot; category in Build Mode
See a Child's Grade Average in School here. Improve their school performance and their grade will rise over time.
Find Homework in Children's Inventory
Choose &quot;Friendly&quot; or &quot;Funny&quot; interactions
Click on Build Mode and Buy Beds
Buy a dining table from the &quot;Dining Room&quot; category in Build Mode
Buy Toys from &quot;Kid's Room&quot; Category in Build Mode
Buy chairs from the &quot;Dining Room&quot; category in Build Mode
Assign Bed
Finish Party Goals
Ask on Date
Travel and Invite Other Sims
Plan Social Event
Buy Bar
Buy Stereo
Open Reward Store
Answer Phone When It Calls
Invite to Hangout
Travel
Buy Decor
Buy Microphone or Instrument
Go Home
Drink Moodlet Solver in Inventory
Complete Date Goals and Track Progress
Check Skill Progress
Check Relationship Statuses
That's it, we're done. It's up to you now. From here, you can add another Sim to this household, which we recommend, keep playing as you are, or, start a new household entirely. Don't worry, this one will still be available to you.
If you're ever confused or need a refresher, read the Lessons Alex wrote for your Sim in the Options menu.
If you're in need of inspiration, head to The Gallery. Simmers from around the world upload amazing creations to our safe community of creators. Poke around and download anything you like. It's free!
Now that your Sim has the home to themselves, you can enter Build Mode to redecorate it to your liking. Add rooms, buy new furniture, move things around, and more. Take a look! You can tinker as long as you have money to spend!
Your Sim now has the option to Join a new Career that best matches their new Aspiration. Use the Phone or Computer to find a new job. There are many interesting professions to pursue, so don’t be afraid to Quit and try out any until you find one that suits your story.
You've learned the basics and are now ready to play on your own. Alex is leaving to help other new players. Bye, Alex!
Your Sim completed their Aspiration. This means they earned Satisfaction points to spend on rewards. Sweet! But, this is just the first step, and there are many more Aspirations from which to choose. Choose a new Aspiration, which will open up new story possibilities for your Sim.
Your Sim was promoted! This means a new title, more money, rewards, but also, more work opportunities!
It's time to head back home. Your Sims can always return home no matter where they are by selecting the Go Home button on their portrait. It's the teeny tiny little house.
Your Sims might build several relationships over time. Keep tabs on their social life by clicking on the Relationship icon down at the bottom. Generally, if you need to learn something about your Sim, click a button down here.
The park is full of friendly folks. Your Sim should talk to some of them!
Your Sim can bring Alex along for the ride, at least today. In the future, as your Sim makes friends and romantic partners, they can invite these Sims to meet out on the town.
Travel
Travel
Your Sim can travel around the neighborhood to leave the house and get some fresh air. You can Travel by using the Phone.
Your Sim deserves time off from work. They can use their phone to spend Vacation days whenever they wish.
Your Sim improved their Skill! Click on the lightbulb button to see your Sim's progress with their Skills.
You now have Free Play time until you complete all of your Sim’s Aspiration goals. Check your progress in the Aspirations panel. And remember to take care of their needs, but most importantly... have fun!  
Your Sim needs to complete their Daily Task to boost their career performance while they are at work. Look at your Sim's Career Panel to learn what their Daily Tasks are.
Every Aspiration has multiple levels called milestones. To progress to the next level, complete the goals. Your Sim is on the right track.
Sims have an Aspiration, which is their life goal. Click on the Aspiration button on the bottom of the screen to learn more about aspirations.
Welcome home! Your Sim is working steadily towards a promotion. Completing the Daily Tasks and Promotion Tasks are critical for career success! Click the briefcase button near the bottom of the screen to learn more about your career.
Alex has the house to herself while your Sim is off at work. Remember you can take control of Alex by clicking on her portrait, so spend the day giving her things to do, or watch what she does on her own.
Your Sim needs to complete their Daily Task to boost their career performance while they are at work. Look at your Sim's Career Panel to learn what their Daily Tasks are.
Your Sim is home from work, a little tired, but with more money in their pocket.  Now is a good time to prepare dinner by clicking on the fridge, have a conversation, or relax with a little TV.
You have some free time after work to take care of your Sim. Pay attention to their needs, and if you lose track of your progress, make sure to refer back to your Sim's Aspiration panel on the bottom right to review their goals.
We'll leave you alone for a while to let you play. Tell Alex to read, clean up, or just relax. Or, watch what Alex chooses to do. Sims think for themselves and pursue their own agenda if you let them.
Your Sim is at work, but you can take control of Alex by clicking on their Portrait. Have fun, you can't really do anything wrong.
Click on the Simology Panel to see information about your Sim. This is where you can view traits, age, genealogy, and other fun stats about your Sim.
It's time for work! Sims will always go to work on their own, assuming you don't prevent them from doing so.
Coffee is delicious and good for an energy boost! Click on the Coffee Maker to brew a cup.
Click on the toilet to fix your Sim's Bladder Need. We promise we won't look.
Rise and shine! Your Sim should prepare for their first day of work.  Click on the shower so your Sim can clean up and fix their Hygiene Need. Co-workers don't like stinky Sims.
Play around for a few hours by clicking on household objects, or watch what your Sim chooses to do. Have fun! 
Your Sim received an assortment of goodies from Alex. The gift included some seeds for a garden, a book, and something to decorate the home.  Thanks, Alex!
Alex has a welcome gift for your Sim. What a great tour guide! You should open your Sim's inventory to see what it is.  Think of the Inventory as your Sim's personal pocket, with unlimited space. Hmm, magic pockets.
Actions that you give your Sim will appear in a queue on the left side of the screen. You can mouse over actions in the queue to find out more information, or click to cancel an action you don't want your Sim to take.
Sims need money to pay Bills, buy better household items, and even purchase food. Luckily, we had Alex pull a few strings to get your Sim a sweet job, which starts tomorrow. You can choose a different job later if you don't like this one. You always have choices to make for your Sims.
There's many ways to interact with items in your inventory. You can click for options, such as choosing to read the book, or opening the seed packet. You can also click and drag an item to place it in the world, such as placing the seeds to be planted.
Your job starts tomorrow, if you need to find the time it's right next to the time controls on the bottom center of the screen. Here you can also control the game speed if you need to speed up, slow down, or pause things.
Shift your gaze to the top of the screen to see how the conversation is going.
Relationships are very important to Sims, both for their stories and their Social Need. Click on Alex and select &quot;Get to Know&quot; to see your Sim start a conversation. Feel free to experiment with friendship or romance to tell the stories that interest you.
Click on objects to give directions to your Sim. For example, click on the delicious food prepared by Alex and tell your Sim to &quot;Grab a Serving.&quot;
You can always get a preview of your Sim's needs, such as hunger or social, by the color of the diamond indicator above your selected Sim. As it goes from green to red, look to the Needs Panel to see what your Sim needs.
Sims have basic Needs, and right now your Sim is hungry. Don't worry - Alex will prepare a meal for your Sim.
Your Sim should follow Alex inside the house. Right click on Alex's portrait to have the camera follow them. Then, click anywhere on the ground and select &quot;Go Here.&quot; If you ever lose track of a Sim, double click their Portrait to find them.
You'll need to know how to control the camera so you can see the things you want to see. Use the buttons and scroll wheel on your Mouse to control the camera. Try it now.
Now is a great time to greet your new housemate, Alex. Click on her to bring up a menu of possible Introductions.
Sims must Sleep to improve their Energy Need. Click on the bed and tell your Sim to sleep. This way, they'll be fresh and ready for their new job in the morning. Happy Sims make for better employees!
Welcome to The Sims 4! We can't wait to show you all the wild stories you can tell in this game of life.
Who is your Sim? What will they accomplish? First, choose an aspiration, which is a life goal. Click one of the buttons on the left of the screen.
Looks are important! Click the Sim to choose their clothing, hair, skin tone, makeup, body shape, and more. Create yourself, someone you know, or even a celebrity.
Welcome to Create A Sim! This is where your story - and characters - begin. Click around and experiment! Click the buttons at the top to give your Sim a name.
Use the Phone to Travel