Ugh! Teachers can be so annoying sometimes...
Stressed from School
Too much studying at school can make any kid a little tense!
Good Grades
Succeeding in school makes young Sims particularly happy!
Drill Success
A bit of handiness with power tools never hurts.
Drill Failure
The drill failed and as a result, there was no way to bust through to complete the heist.
Obtained Codes
A feather can be a great weapon.
Rethinking Options
It may be time to think about career alternatives.
Respected Gamer
Staying ethical in any game is a winning move.
Rejected &amp; Replaced
It would seem that it's true that everyone's a critic. 
Regrettable Inaction
It's never a good feeling second-guessing decisions you've made.
Really Bugged
Fixing so many bugs is a good career move, but does come with some stress.
Crime shouldn't have to be environmentally friendly.
Performed for Friends
Practice Makes Perfect
It may take a while, but keeping at it is worth it.
Poor Performance
Seems as though distractions are getting in the way of education.
Political Truthsayer
Journalistic truth triumphs over political dishonesty every time.
Political Pariah
Trying to take down a dirty politician is risky business.
Pickpocket Successful
Subtlety is the name of the game.
Persuasive
The power of persuasion can sometimes get everyone what they need.
Teased by Rangers
There's nothing worse than being laughed at by all your Co-workers.
Patrol Fallout
Sometimes, even Glorzaks deserve the benefit of the doubt.
Inspired by Reference
Taking inspiration from some reference, {0.SimFirstName} is ready to paint.
Nothing There
A sense of frustration from searching for something inspiring and finding nothing.
Failed Call Out
Out of Practice
This is a costly reminder that all skills need to be sharpened from time to time.
Not So Smooth Move
Turning cartwheels? Yeah, that's not such a turn-on.
Musical Master
Being honest, even to a master, is the best move.
Moving On Up!
The sky is the limit in this career.
Vision Preserved
Crystal clear direction and flawless execution can only mean success!
Movie Bombed
That movie was epic! Epically awful.
Moon Rock
The beautiful moon rock will forever be an inspiring souvenir. 
Beaten By Slob
Too bad this wasn't a fashion show instead of an audition.
Art in the Dark
It wouldn't be so bad if docents handed out flashlights to patrons....
Enjoyable Vacation
Relaxing is good for the health, so maybe it's not completely a lie.
Grunt of Shame
Guess the power grunt just isn't for everyone. You can't force these things.
Drew a Crowd
Sometimes getting attention requires some unorthodox methods.
Dispersed the Crowd
Dressing in a silly costume just wasn't worth it after all.
Grunt of Triumph
Who knew that making noise was the key to lifting an extra 30 pounds?
Feels good to make people dance to the music!
Tasty Secrets
What is that in the ink? A hint of cinnamon? Cocoa, perhaps?
Taste of Failure
And whatever those guards were snacking on.
It's worth rewarding a job well done.
Got Spooked
Long Interview
That interview took a really long time.
Job Security
Art is not an objective pursuit--it needs a living, breathing Sim to understand its value.
Of all the jobs to be replaced by machines, who would have thought art critic would be one of them?
Being scared off that easily isn't the way to get ahead.
That was the dullest, least interesting answer ever.
Enjoyable Interview
That went very well!
Composition Ignored
No feedback feels worse than negative feedback.
Class Comedian
Laughter is the best medicine for everyone!
Bad Answer
Appealing Composition
Vengeful Moderator
Nothing like a completely biased moderator to ruin everything about the panel.
Maybe teaching isn't the career for {0.SimFirstName}.
Unruly Classmates
Best class ever!
Truth or Dodgeball