These luscious locks are the perfect length for a sassy hair flip. 
Find this item in Create a Sim while selecting hair styles, or use the new Event Rewards filter.
Compact Bar
Whether you're practicing your Mixology skills or just serving up juice for your friends, you can save space without compromising on quality with the Compact Bar. 
Guerdon Goods Mini Fridge and NanoCan 2.0
Guerdon Goods brings you this wonderful matching mini fridge and garbage can combo. Just don't forget to recycle those soda cans.  
Both items can be found in Build Mode under Appliances, or use the new Event Rewards filter.
Appliances
Night Sky Layered Necklace
Embrace the night with this layered necklace featuring three stars resting above a crescent moon. 
Find this item under Necklaces in Create a Sim, or use the new Event Rewards filter.
Create a Sim
Bullseye Dartboard
Game on! Protect your wall from dart holes with the Bullseye Dartboard. 
Find this item in Build Mode under Activities and Skills, or use the new Event Rewards filter.
Activities and Skills
Mt. Komorebi Magnet
Bring home a small memory from Mt. Komorebi with a collectible magnet!
Brindleton Bay Magnet
Celebrate the coastal charm with this Brindleton Bay magnet.
Sulani Magnet
Sulani welcomes all to a life of blue oceans and friendly neighbors. Remember all of this with an iconic magnet.
Glimmerbrook Magnet
A spellbinding keepsake from the town where everyday strolls can lead to otherworldly adventures. Capture the charm of Glimmerbrook with this mystical magnet.
Oasis Springs Magnet
Bring the heat home with this Oasis Springs collectible magnet!
Willow Creek Magnet
Celebrate the allure of Willow Creek with this collectible magnet. Featuring the iconic Mysterious Tree, it’s a whimsical reminder of the secrets waiting to be discovered!
Comedy Vol 1: Get the Jokes
By: Murphy Edwards \n\nDo you know any jokes? No? Well lucky for you this book is packed with jokes!
Flex &amp; Form Leggings
Built for speed, styled for comfort.
Pixel Friends Pajamas
Perfect for dreamy adventures and bedtime stories alike.
Friendship Jelly Bracelets
Braided in giggles and promises, these bracelets are proof that the best friendships never unravel.
Latest Fashion Jumpsuit
For errands, parties, or just being iconic.
Active Imagination
These Sims gain boosts from imaginative activities gaining creative Skills faster but may get overwhelmed at times.
Super Chill Pillow
For those who take lounging very seriously.
Campfire Spudz
There’s nothing like a baked spud stuffed with melty toppings to warm your heart and stomach after a long day adventuring in the great outdoors.\n\nVegetarian-Safe, Lactose Free.
Find this item under the Grill interaction on a Grill
Flex &amp; Form Top
Stretches with you from warm-up to cooldown.
Modern Photo Frame
Display your favorite memories in this digital photo frame!
Bright 'n Bouncy Bunny Nightlight
Keep bedtime fears at bay with this adorable bunny nightlight! Its warm glow can ward off the monster under the bed, ensuring sweet dreams for little ones.
Trailblazer Hiking Boots
Step into adventure with these rugged hiking boots! Designed for exploring the great outdoors, they’re perfect for uncovering hidden paths and making memories that last a lifetime.
Magnetic Memories Board
Keep track of your plans or showcase collectible magnets from your adventures. This board is perfect for organizing, reminiscing, or dreaming big.
Pixel the Friendly Bear
Always ready for a quest or bedtime stories, Pixel’s smile holds your favorite childhood adventures.
Find this item in Build Mode under Kids, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Kids
Elegant and Old Tarnished Key
An antique silver key capped with a flourish at its bow. You wonder about the grand home it once must have safeguarded, and the stories that unfolded within.\n\n&lt;i&gt;Can be displayed on the Antique Curio Display Table!&lt;/i&gt;
Creepy but Cool Skeletal Key
An ominous key crowned with a skull, and not a scratch in sight. Testing results return one hint to its origins; it was carved from death metal.\n\n&lt;i&gt;Can be displayed on the Antique Curio Display Table!&lt;/i&gt;
The Darong Family Key
A stately key etched with patterns and accented by a copper palm. Sturdy and strong, it's a key that will endure through the ages.\n\n&lt;i&gt;Can be displayed on the Antique Curio Display Table!&lt;/i&gt;
The Capp Family Key
A twisted brass key with leaves spread from its bow. It's beautiful and dramatic, much like the family it hails from.\n\n&lt;i&gt;Can be displayed on the Antique Curio Display Table!&lt;/i&gt;
The Thebe Family Key
A golden key with a green patina and a seashell crown. It whispers tales of adventure amongst the darkest places in the deep.\n\n&lt;i&gt;Can be displayed on the Antique Curio Display Table!&lt;/i&gt;
Piano Vol 2: Sharps, Flats, and Naturals 
Read this book to level up your Piano skills!
Piano Vol 1: It's Pretty Black and White
Regal Residence
Living in luxury has its perks! Sims on this lot enjoy needs that decay slower and longer-lasting Happy moods as the property value rises. They’ll also see friendlier social outcomes, react strongly to broken items, and unlock a special “Brag About My Luxe Life” interaction.
This Lot Trait can be found in the Traits Panel in Build Mode.
Lot Trait
Master of Grudges
This Sim wants to resolve bitter feelings for an enemy through petty, but satisfying, vengeance.
Ladies' Front Lacing Corset
The sturdy front laces and boned stays of this corset will shape your figure within an inch of your life, but at least you'll look pastoral and elegant with flowy sleeves and soft ruffles. Suck in!
Heirloom Easel of the Darong Family
Once a favorite of a Darong family elder, this easel has held his last painting for generations. With the portrait's donation to their museum of art, this easel is now an icon of the Dambele people's creativity and the Darong family's love of painting. Breathe new life into it with every piece you create, and bring the dignified influence of Dambele style to any space.
Luxurious Morning Robes
Embrace the day in comfort with these flowing, silken robes. In fine silk and elegant embroidery, you'll be ready to handle royal duties with poise.
Embossed Filigree Eyepatch
Enhance your mystique with this finely tooled eyepatch, made of the finest leather and sold by the pirate-turned-artisan Suedey Grey.
Ceremonial Dedication Fenestra for Cordelia Thebe I
Created by the Verdemar Glassmaker's Guild for the dedication of Cordelia Thebe I, this impressive creation of stained glass is a historic symbol of naval might and family pride. The glass lives encased in a window frame made of parts salvaged from the wreck of the infamous pirate galleon, Maraudade, symbolizing the country's harmony with their piracy culture.
Find this items in Build Mode under Windows, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Antique Jeweled Ring
This ring is a statement for the ages with its intensely colored stone and magnificent embellishments, but the most treasured thing about it is the feeling you get when you hold it. Faded memories of enduring love, family conflicts, and heartbreaking loss comes forth as you slide it gently over your finger ...
Draped Memorial Display Table
All worlds have unique ways to honor loved ones, but a Memorial Display is a universal concept. It allows us to celebrate their lives and remember them. This display can hold sentimental items like a Timeless Capture photo, Scents You've Been Gone incense, or a Whispering Wren Messenger Statue for sending heartfelt notes.
Find this item in Build Mode under Surfaces, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Embroidered Duchy Saddle
For any noble citizen, a Duchy Saddle is the one and only option. Featuring custom embroidery symbolic of their house and plush velvet made from the best silk, it is the epitome of luxury for your cherished steed.
Find this item in Create a Sim under Saddles, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Glittering Fairy Princess Gown
Glitter, silk, and organza come together to create this ethereal vision of a gown. It's perfect for a dramatic moonlit flight through enchanted forests, your skirt billowing behind you.
Capp Library Bookcase