A magnificent tribute to abstract paintings, this rug brings a modern touch of whimsy to your décor.
Welcome? Mat
An ancient fertility symbol? The insignia of a secret society? Only you will know what it means, and whether visitors are welcome.
Lattice In Indoor-Outdoor Rug (Large)
A friendly accent for indoors or out, this classic handmade collection adds depth and delight to any space. &#xD;&#xA;
Welcome visitors to your home with an unassuming potted plant that says, &quot;Howdy folks, I am capable of keeping living things alive!&quot;
Snake Plant
Slick tendrils slither toward the ceiling, entwined in a mesmerizing tangle. Guaranteed to add a dose of sinister weirdness to any room.
Carefree Succulent
Needs no fertilizer, no light, no special care. This sturdy, juicy succulent will provide years of deceptively no-maintenance greenery.
Modern Potted Plant
A compact potted plant for enlivening small spaces with a touch of green.
• Unlock on a regular Date by reaching Silver level, or\n• Have a chance of unlocking by Creating a Date and reaching Bronze level &lt;i&gt;(Lovestruck)&lt;/i&gt;
• Unlock on a regular Date by reaching Silver level, or\n• Have a chance of unlocking by Creating a Date and reaching Bronze level &lt;i&gt;(Lovestruck)&lt;/i&gt;
A Single Rose
A single rose nestled snugly in a slender bud vase to beautify the room.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Painter career.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Painter career.
Vase of Sunflowers
A rustic vase of sunflowers adds a painterly touch to any room.
Princess Cordelia Corset Vase
Like most royalty, Princess Cordelia enjoyed structured clothing and often sported a bustle and a corset. This delighted her first pirate boyfriend, perhaps a little too much. This vase is actually based on the parting gift she gave upon dumping him, lest he forget her curves or thorns.
Crabtree Planter Pot
Princess Cordelia used to love lounging by tide pools, watching the crabs scuttle over rocks. She took special delight in the way they seemed to hop up onto tiptoe and bolt as if life depended on it, which it usually did. Crabs are yummy.
Mega Flower Pot
Why shop for antiques at estate sales or the main streets of upper class vacation towns?  Simply walk through our hermetically sealed front doors, into our dust-free warehouse, filled with hard-working robots - and there’s that aged-looking flowerpot you always wanted, under the florescent lights. Isn’t it quaint?
Mega Table Vase
If robots could cry, ours would have been moved to tears in the design process of this charming, vintage-esque flower vase. Instead, they just overheated slightly, and then returned to optimum working conditions.
Mega Houseplant Pot
The value of antiques resides in their history. Who loved this pot? What great storm created its rusty patina? That’s why, after exposing the Mega Houseplant Pot to a chemical wash and ultra-violet ray flash, our robots print an official Mega potted plant history, randomly generated so each legend is unique. Yet each pot is exactly the same!
Flowers from Your Not-So-Secret Admirer
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;Designed By: heyHarrie&lt;/font&gt;\n\nHave you ever gotten flowers you thought were from a secret admirer only to find out they were from your parents, Great Aunt, barista, or maybe a sentient neighborhood squirrel? Womp womp. Sorry to say these flowers are not from a secret admirer...they're from us: your not-so-secret admirer! We think you're pretty great. (We are also not a sentient squirrel. Promise...)
Night-blooming Cereus
Behold the beauty of this pretty prickly cacti that just goes to show that some of the prettiest of things can come from the darkness. Whether outdoors or in, this desert beauty is sure to brighten up even the darkest night.
Little Buddy Bud Vase
This vase is great for a baby's room. Delicate tulips not included.
Sumptuous Floral Fantasy Arrangement
A vessel fit for the queen of flowers:  a brushed-nickel chalice housing only roses hand-picked from fragrant spring gardens, trimmed with sparkling gold leaf.
Teeny Planter
Be reminded that plant life can sprout from even the most improbable nooks and crannies with this festive, fertile terracotta urn.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
Minimalist Unplant&#xD;&#xA;
Foliage artisans scoured arboreal forests for years in search of the perfect twig. It imparts an air of forgotten grandeur and reminds you of life’s impermanence.      
Mega Fern
Our Mega Fern is constructed out of a space-age polymer that is so life-like, you literally cannot tell it from the real thing. Neglected, it will even break down and die at the exact same rate as living organic material! Now that’s progress!
Potted Youch
High Hopes Potted Plant
Too big for an ant, maybe, but just right for your home, don't you think?
Fine Feathered Fern
This verdant fern adds a splash of life and color to any room. Also great for hide n’ seek with children and petite adults.
Terra Cotta Potted Plant
Add foliage without fuss. This wonderfully tall houseplant comes in a simple, low clay pot, so you can focus on the greenery and not the greenery holder.
Potted Palm
Go coconuts for this potted palm, and bring the feel of the tropics right into your home.
Not recommended for houses with small children, cats, or people with bad balance.
My Own Private Eden Patio Shrub
Transform your patio into a private sanctuary. Each solid stone planter holds a dense, full, fast-growing shrub, so you can look out on greenery and have no one looking back.
Statement Planter
This hefty cement planter makes a statement-hence, its name. Perfect for lining a patio or defining a porch.
Regal Planter
Line your walk with living sculptures! This solid stone planter and hedge is a truly tasteful addition, an artful collaboration between Nature and shears.
Starblossoms
Some hypothesize that more than fifty percent of the world's lifeforms originated in outerspace--like this twiggy plant!
West African Aloe Plant
This beloved West African succulent features sharp, triangular teeth along its leaves, while its fiery blooms stand tall. Known as Aloe buettneri, its flowers have a fleshy, firm texture, and the leaves contain a soothing gel renowned for treating burns and bites. It thrives in hot, sunny conditions, making it ideal for Oasis Springs homes!
Plant Potted Floor
Potted plants, penned animals, planet bound terrestrials… it’s all just one big cage. I feel for you little potted plant, it’s you and me to the end.
Lucky Citrus Tree of the Moon
&lt;i&gt;This plant was granted for the New Lunar Year of the Pig, starting in February 2019.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nA wonder of a new lunar year, this tree has been known to sprout different citrus fruit including oranges, kumquats, and tangerines. On special occasions, red envelopes may appear as if expressing a wish of safety and good energy to the household.
Retired Mangrove Palms
These palms were born and raised in a sheltered mangrove off the sea. Their days were spent among the fishes and animals, an active participant in the complex ecosystem of their home. From time to time, the palms dabbled in their favorite hobby: warding off hurricanes from the island's shores. It was a good life, but as time passed, the palms grew tired and yearned for a quiet retirement. After selecting a trendy pot, they packed up and resettled in a new home—less densely-populated and complete with low-oxygen soil.
Cities In Dust Potted Faux Plant
Devastating volcanic activity, giant meteorites pounding our planet, exploding suns… however the end comes, keep it happy with a pot of flowers! Flowers make people happy!
Bucket o’ Sunshine
This cheery pail of Perma-blossom sunflowers will hearten any space, any time of year. Handcrafted from antique tin and rusted to perfection, this pretty pail and flower set evokes the charm and romance of a forgotten farm, reclaimed by nature and preserved just for you.
Orchid You Not Pot
Designed for the delicate, leggy beauty of such fleurs as orchids, forget-me-nots and the rare hybrid orchid-you-nots, this hand-painted planter is the perfect complement to any indoor or outdoor space. With petite handles, sturdy curves and a full upper lip, its demi-glazed allure is undeniable.
Lovely Lily Pot
Tickle all five senses with our Lovely Lily Pot. Breathe the flowers’ sweet aroma, ogle their long and delicate stamen, run a finger along soft, smooth petals and touch the pollen to your tongue. Listen closely, and you may hear secrets whispering through its branches. Or is that just the pitter-patter of your poor heart?
The Manifest
When we set out to create the Manifest, we knew it was about so much more than just designing a potted plant set. It was about shifting hearts and exploding patterns. It was about healing world hunger and ending war in this lifetime. We think you’ll agree the results surpassed our wildest dreams.
The Authority
New, from Reclamation Homeware, it’s a cute little potted plant. What? Sometimes you just need a nice plant in your house. Not everything has to be a journey into man’s existence you know.
Lollipop Topiary, Stout
This fancy topiary design is not only popular with children, but French poodles as well.
Lollipop Topiary, Tall
This luscious topiary design is especially suited to tall trees, so no one will try to lick the branches.
The Oso Succulent
This would be impossible to resist ingesting, if it weren't for the spikes on the tip of each leaf.
Swashbucklers Sword Cactus
These towering cacti are ringed with pointy branches, providing 360-degree protection and plenty of gorgeous blooms in spring.
Belligerent Barrel Cactus
Barrel cactus can actually grow quite tall and harbor dangerous pathogens on their needles. A brilliant and lovely way to keep burglars away!
Agave Plant
These spiky plants flower but once in their lifetime. Cherish the moment, then come back and buy another. And another! 
Peter Pot Cactus
Similar in stature to a barrel cactus, these unusual cacti have a narrow opening at the top, making a great place for hiding and protecting your valuables.
Saguaro Cactus
These large cacti can grow to be over 40 feet tall. Not recommended if you have a Napoleon complex, but otherwise, beautiful!