Bluetick Coonhounds are bred to be hunting dogs. They are athletic, hardy, and need a full-time job or activity such as hunting, obedience, or agility to stay happy. They can be challenging to train and they should be monitored around cats or other small animals.
Australian Cattle Dog
Like many working dogs, the Australian Cattle Dog has high energy levels, an active mind, and a level of independence. The Australian Cattle Dog is a sturdy, muscular, compact dog that gives the impression of agility and strength.
Bombay Cat
The Bombay cat breed is a type of short-haired cats developed by breeding sable Burmese and black American Shorthair cats, to produce a cat of mostly Burmese type, but with a sleek, panther-like black coat.
Collie
The collie is a medium-sized, fairly lightly built dog, with a pointed snout. Many types have a distinctive white pattern over the shoulders. Collies are very active and agile, and most types of collies have a very strong herding instinct.
Balinese
The Balinese is a long-haired breed of domestic cat with Siamese-style point coloration and sapphire-blue eyes. The Balinese is also known as the purebred long-haired Siamese, since it originated as a natural mutation of that breed, and hence is essentially the same cat with a medium-length silky coat and a distinctively plumed tail.
Jack Russell Terrier
Jack Russells are first and foremost a working terrier. Originally bred to bolt fox from their dens during hunts, they are used on numerous ground-dwelling quarry such as groundhog, badger, and red and grey fox.
Border Collie
Considered highly intelligent, extremely energetic, acrobatic and athletic, Border Collies frequently compete with great success in sheepdog trials and dog sports.
Devon Rex
The Devon Rex is a breed of cat with a curly, very soft short coat similar to that of the Cornish Rex. They are often associated with being one of the most hypoallergenic cats available because of their type of coat. However, they are technically not hypoallergenic.
Dalmatian
Dalmatian serves as a firehouse mascot and is sometimes used to educate the public in fire safety, but in the days of horse-drawn fire carts, they provided a valuable service, having a natural affinity to horses.
Labrador Retriever
Labradors have a reputation as a very even-tempered breed and an excellent family dog. This includes a good reputation with children of all ages and other animals.
Kurilian Bobtail
In the wild, this cat is an excellent fisher and hunter, which may explain why the Kurilian loves to play in water. The Kurilian's wild look is not reflected in the temperament of the breed. It is known for its clever and gentle nature.
Bloodhound
This breed is gentle, and is tireless when following a scent. Because of its strong tracking instinct, it can be willful and somewhat difficult to obedience train and handle on a leash.
German Pointer
The German Shorthaired Pointer was developed to be a dog suited for family life as well as a versatile hunter. Therefore their temperament is that of an intelligent, bold, boisterous, eccentric, and characteristically affectionate dog that is cooperative and easily trained.
Egyptian Mau
Egyptian Maus are a small- to medium-sized short-haired cat breed. Along with the Bahraini Dilmun cat, they are one of the few naturally spotted breeds of domesticated cat. The spots of the Mau occur on only the tips of the hairs of its coat.
Chow Chow
Chow Chows tend to display discernment of strangers and can become fiercely protective of their owners and property. For these reasons, some owners have attributed a cat-like personality to the Chow Chow.
Black Cat
The folklore surrounding black cats varies from culture to culture. Some see them as a symbol of prosperity, while others see them as a symbol of luck; either good or bad.
Greyhound
The Greyhound is a breed of dog, a sighthound which has been bred for coursing game and Greyhound racing. Since the rise in large-scale adoption of retired racing Greyhounds, it has seen a resurgence in popularity as a family pet. Jill will change this wikipedia sourced text
Keeshond
Keeshonden tend to be very playful, with quick reflexes and strong jumping ability. They are eager to please and very quick learners, which means they are also quick to learn things their humans did not intend to teach them.
Foxhound
A foxhound is a type of large hunting hound bred for strong hunting instincts, great energy, and, like all scent hounds, a keen sense of smell.
Lhasa Apso
Having been bred as an indoor monastery sentinel dog by Tibetan Buddhist monks, Lhasa Apsos are alert with a keen sense of hearing. The ideal Lhasa temperament is to be wary of strangers while being loyal to those closest to them. 
Beagle
Beagles are noisy hunting dogs. They look best while wearing old timey detective hats. This is placeholder text that Jill should change. It will be seen in CAP, probably the gallery, and perhaps in live mode.
Mixed Breed
A domesticated canine descended from multiple breeds, often propagating without any intervention, record-keeping or selective reproduction. Commonly known as Mutts.&#xA;
Bulldog
The Bulldog is a breed with characteristically wide head and shoulders along with a pronounced mandibular prognathism. There are generally thick folds of skin on a Bulldog's brow; round, black, wide-set eyes; a short muzzle with characteristic folds called a rope or nose roll above the nose; hanging skin under the neck; drooping lips and pointed teeth, and an underbite with an upturned jaw.
Norwegian Forest
Norwegian Forest cats have a quiet voice but can develop a loud voice if kept in a house with a dog. They are friendly, intelligent, and generally good with people. The Norwegian Forest cat has a lot of energy and can be very demanding of attention.
Pekingese
The Pekingese breed is over 2000 years old and has hardly changed in all that time. The Pekingese's flat face and large eyes are some of the breeds most obvious characteristics. The body is compact and low to the ground.
Pug
The breed is often described by the Latin phrase multum in parvo, or &quot;much in little&quot; or &quot;a lot of dog in a small space&quot;, alluding to the Pug's remarkable and charming personality, despite its small size.
Whippet
Items on the table are preventing your order from being delivered. Clear the table to receive your order.
Here's your order. Enjoy!
The restaurant's chef, {0.SimName}, needs more training to cook everything on the menu well. To avoid poor quality meals, choose lower difficulty foods and drinks!
You'll know more information if you view it from your inventory.
Undiscovered.
Curse of the Feast Mirage&#xA;
Curses of the Food Mirage
Blessing of the Budding Wallflower
Sleeping Curse of the Ancients&#xA;
Blessings of New Relationships
Curse of the Shocking Cloud&#xA;
Blessing of the Creepy Skeletal Assistant&#xA;
Skeletal Transmogrification
Marked for Death by Electrocution&#xA;
Blessing of General Wealth
Blessings of Skeletal Transmogrification
Marked for Death by Combustion&#xA;
Blessing of the Skeletal Assistant&#xA;&#xA;
Blessing of Too Much Wealth&#xA;
Blessings of the Skeletal Assistant
Curses of Greedy Needs
Curse of the Food Mirage&#xA;
Curse of Arbitrary Needs&#xA;
Curse of the Emotional Cloud&#xA;
Blessing of Plentiful Buddies&#xA;
Curse of Atrophying Needs&#xA;
Screaming Curse of the Ancients&#xA;
Marked for Death by Poison&#xA;
Long Term Skeletal Transmogrification&#xA;
Curse of Torpid Needs&#xA;
Blessings of Wealth
Blessing of the Charming Skeletal Assistant&#xA;&#xA;
Curses of the Ancients
Marked for Death
Curse of the Sadness Cloud&#xA;
Blessing of Much Wealth&#xA;
Short Term Skeletal Transmogrification&#xA;
Sneezing Curse of the Ancients&#xA;
Blessing of the Social Butterfly&#xA;
Curse of the Pancake Mirage&#xA;
Curses of the Personal Rain Cloud
Unknown Satisfaction
This Sim's Romantic Satisfaction is unknown. This can be learned by &quot;Asking about Romantic Satisfaction&quot; which is found in the &quot;Relationship&quot; pie menu category beneath the &quot;Learn More&quot; subcategory.
Amazing Compatibility
Like two perfect pieces of a puzzle, these Sims just click! Based on their Likes and Dislikes, they have the &lt;b&gt;highest level of social compatibility&lt;/b&gt;. Building a strong friendship between these two Sims should take much less effort than usual.
Good Compatibility
Hey, not bad! Based on their Likes and Dislikes, these Sims have pretty &lt;b&gt;good social compatibility&lt;/b&gt;. They might not become best friends instantly, but it certainly won't be a challenge for them to get along.
Bad Compatibility