Earn Silver on {1.Number} Dates with Spouse
Be Married to BFF
Have had {1.Number} Romantic Partners
Click on a Sim and select Ask on Date Social from the Romantic category. Once the Event starts, complete the Goals that pop-up to earn a higher score!
Click on a Sim and select Kiss from the Romantic category. This social is unlocked by performing successful Romantic Socials to increase Relationship!
Select Romantic Socials to build a Romantic Relationship.  Build Relationship until the Romance bar is at least half full.
To increase a Sim's Charisma skill, socialize with other Sims, use the Mirror to Practice Speaking, or read a Charisma Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Click on a Sim's significant other and select the Break Up social from the Relationship Category.
Perform Romantic Socials with Sims that your Sim has not yet kissed to unlock the First Kiss interaction
Have had {1.Number} First Kisses
To increase a Sim's Charisma skill, socialize with other Sims, use the Mirror to Practice Speaking, or read a Charisma Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Click on a Sim's Spouse and select Ask on Date Social from the Romantic category. Once the Event starts, complete the Goals that pop-up to earn a higher score!
Lavish Sim's spouse with Romantic Socials after first attaining Soulmate status.
This relationship is earned by having extremely high Friendship and Romance with another Sim.
Click on a Sim's spouse and select Ask on Date Social from the Romantic category. Once the Event starts, complete the Goals that pop-up to earn a higher score!
Click on a Sim's significant other and select Get Married under the Romantic category. Sims can unlock this social by Proposing to their significant other.
To celebrate, click on the stove to select the Cake Recipe. Afterwards Sims can Add Birthday Candles and then Celebrate the moment!
Click on a Sim and select the &quot;Ask on Date&quot; or &quot;Ask to Create a Date&quot; Socials from the Romantic category or Relationship Panel. These interactions are unlocked by performing successful Romantic Socials to increase Relationship!
Go on {1.Number} Dates
After performing Romantic socials with another Sim, click on them and select Ask to Be Romantic Partner from the Romantic category.
Click on a Sim and select Kiss from the Romantic category. This interaction is unlocked by performing successful Romantic Socials to increase Relationship!
Have a Romantic Partner
Fix or Upgrade {1.Number} Objects
To increase Mental skill, Play Chess or perform other intellectual tasks.
With an adult Sim selected, click on a Book and select Read to Child with a child present.
Read with an Adult for {1.Number} Hours
The Chess Table can be purchased from Build Mode under the Study Room Sort.
Achieve Level 10 Creativity Skill
Draw All {1.Number} Picture Types on the Activity Table
Draw {1.Number} Pictures while Inspired
Achieve Level 5 Creativity Skill
Have an Activity Table
To increase Creativity Skill, Play with Toys or create something using the Activity Table.
Click on the Activity Table to select a picture type to draw.
Child Sims can play the Piano or Child Violins. These instruments can be purchased from Build Mode under the Study Room Sort.
Play Instruments for {1.Number} Total Hours
Click on the Activity Table and select a picture to draw while in the Inspired emotion. To become Inspired, take a Thoughtful Shower, Read, or do Creative work.
Children can play with dollhouses, toyboxes, stuffed animals, or playground equipment!
Play with {1.Number} Toys
To increase Creativity Skill, Play with Toys or create something using the Activity Table.
The Activity Table can be purchased from Build Mode under the Kids' Room Sort.
Reach Sim's Maximum Body Potential
Achieve Level 10 Fitness Skill
Achieve Level 6 Fitness Skill
Push the Limits for 1 Hour while Energized
Work Out for 8 Total Hours
Own 2 Pieces of Workout Equipment
Continue to work out on a consistent basis to attain maximum muscle mass!
To increase Fitness Skill, work out by using the Treadmill, Workout Machine, or Punching Bag. Alternatively, Sims can also Go Jogging!
Spend {1.Number} Hours Exercising
To increase Fitness Skill, work out by using the Treadmill, Workout Machine, or Punching Bag. Alternatively, Sims can also Go Jogging!
Go Jogging for {1.Number} Total Hours
Push the Limits by Working Out twice in a row without stopping or leaving the Energized emotion. To become Energized, Work Out, Drink Coffee, or Take a Brisk Shower.
Click on a selected Sim to use the Go Jogging interaction.
Achieve Level {1.Number} Fitness Skill
Travel to a Gym Venue using the World Map, then use a piece of Workout Equipment or the Go Jogging interaction.
Workout Equipment can be purchased from Build Mode under the Study Room Sort.
Work Out at a Gym Venue
Use Workout Equipment or Go Jogging to work out.
Have a Sim do nothing social for 24 Sim hours.
Have a Sim stay awake for 24 straight Sim hours.
Achieve maximum fitness
Achieve maximum fatness
Achieve maximum fitness and fatness with the same Sim
Earn a Silver rating on the Dinner Party Social Event.
Earn a Gold rating on the Dinner Party Social Event.
Earn a Silver rating on a Date.
Earn a Gold Rating on a Date.
Complete 100 Whims across all Sims.
Complete the Observatory Prints collection
Complete the Space Rocks collection
Complete the Postcards collection
Complete the MySims collection
Complete the Microscope Prints collection
Complete the Metals collection
Complete the Gardening collection
Complete the Frogs collection
Complete the Fossils collection
Complete the Fish Collection
Complete the Elements collection
Complete the Crystals collection
Complete the Aliens Species Collection
What's a journalist without stories? Sit at the Computer and Write a couple style Articles or Columns.
Write Article
Snap some good shots? Share them with the world by uploading images at a Computer.
Upload Images
Find something impressionable? Use the Phone to find and use the Photograph Impression interaction to capture the moment.
Take Photos
Journalistic writing is only half the challenge. Submit a written Column from a computer to see if your copy is good enough to make it to print.
Submit Column
Craft unique illustrative art on a Sketchpad.
Create Sketches
Keep your illustration on point. Spend a couple hours creating imagery on a Sketchpad object.
Sketch for 2 Hours
Need quick inspiration? Seek Muse on a well-developed Style-board object.
Seek Muse
Share fashion tips to the masses by Recording a Style Guide at a Computer.
Record Style Guide
Change a look, change a life. Successfully Make-Over another Sim
Make-Over Sim