Have a Sim reach max level in the Rocket Science Skill.
Tender Loving
Have a Sim reach max level in the Mixology Skill.
Mischief Mastered
Have a Sim reach max level in the Mischief skill.
Straight for the Jocular
Have a Sim reach max level in the Comedy skill.
Elementary
Have a Sim reach max level in the Logic skill.
Games within Games
Have a Sim reach max level in the Video Gaming skill.
Code Monk
Have a Sim reach max level in the Programming skill.
Literal Genius
Have a Sim reach max level in the Writing skill.
Ivory Tower
Have a Sim reach max level in the Piano skill.
Mael-strum
Have a Sim reach max level in the Guitar skill.
Bow-dacious
Have a Sim reach max level in the Violin skill.
Beyond Repairs
Have a Sim reach max level in the Handiness skill.
Refined Palette
Have a Sim reach max level in the Painting skill.
Fired Up
Have a Sim reach max level in the Fitness skill.
Green Thumb
Have a Sim reach max level in the Gardening skill.
50-Mile-High Club
Successfully WooHoo in a Rocketship.
Hello, Darkness, My Old Chum
Have a Sim befriend the Grim Reaper.
Speed Dating
Vengeful Deity
Kill off 10 of your Sims via unnatural causes.
Honorary SimGuru
Play The Sims 4 for 100 hours.
In the Game
Play The Sims 4 for 24 hours.
'Til Death Do Us Part
Have a Sim die at their own wedding.
The Main Event
Earn a Gold rating on 5 different social events.
Event Horizon
An elegant display with a plush, velvet field ideal for showcasing your latest found treasures.
Krabby Patty Secret Recipe
Time to be the best fry cook just like SpongeBob! Prepare yourself to learn the sacred and dark secrets of how to prepare your very own Krabby Patty! Just be sure to keep it safe, especially from Plankton!
Slightly Fuzzy Mittens
Keep your hands from freezing with these fuzzy mittens!
Creature Comforts Pet Hoodie
Dress up your pets with their very own hoodie! Somehow they just keep getting cuter!
Bikini Bottom Hoodie
Hit Jellyfish Fields in style with a cozy new hoodie! These designs feature SpongeBob and other familiar friends from Bikini Bottom!
Holidays in Sulani Button Up
You can never go wrong with tropical wear! Prepare to be the best dressed for any destination with this button-up festive shirt!
Slightly Fuzzy Earmuffs
Prepare yourself for the cold season with these adorable earmuffs.
Find this item under Headwear in Create a Sim, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Slightly Fuzzy Mountain Boots
Keep your toes warm with these stylish boots! Who says your shoes can't be practical and fashionable?
Serious Business Ticket Machine
A modern register designed to streamline transactions and enhance the shopping experience for your business!
My Little Voidcritter Toddler Slide
Slide into joy with our adorable Nymphaea Voidcritter. Don't worry, toddlers don't go into the void. We think.
Undersea Phone
Keep everyone connected with an iconic telephone to gather friends together for some F.U.N. just like SpongeBob!
Festive Fronds Palm Tree
A tropical palm tree with a festive vibe! This happy little tree brings good tidings and cheer. Add some holiday lights and sing a little song as you count down to the end of the year. Shashoobee!
Find this item in Build Mode under Outdoor Plants, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Outdoor Plants
My Big Voidcritter Child Slide
Fly fast with our fierce Dicoatl Voidcritter! Slide with glee as he transports you to your next adventure. No wormholes required.
Happy Home Mailbox
This little mailbox receives sweet sentiments, gifts, money and more. Unfortunately, it also receives bills.
Find these items in Build Mode under Appliances, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Naturescapes Magnet Board
Inspire your sense of adventure with this magnet board! Plan out your next trip or display your favorite memories.
Littlest Neighborhood Library
Sharing is caring and that's what this little Library is about. Share your favorite novels with your neighbors or stash them away to make room for more books. They'll never know!
Find this item in Build Mode under Storage, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Storage
Playful Dolphin Magnet
Celebrate the playful spirit of the ocean with a keepsake the inspires memories of frolicking waves and sunlit seas. Perfect for those who dream of saltwater adventures!
Pointiest Dino Magnet
Delight in the prehistoric with this cute little dino! Its playful design sparks joy and curiosity, making it perfect for anyone who loves a bit of ancient charm.
Cutest Kiwi Magnet
Enjoy the unique appeal of the Kiwi bird, evoking thoughts of its nocturnal adventures and gentle nature. Perfect for those who appreciate distinctive wildlife!
Chilly Days Magnet
This delightful memento evokes the cozy comfort of chilly days, bringing to mind snowball fights and steaming mugs of cocoa. Perfect for those who adore the snug joys of the season!
Frosty Snowman Magnet
Enjoy the magic of frosty days with a memento that brings memories of snowy fun and cozy nights.
Stellar Spaceship Magnet
Celebrate the cosmos with an out-of-this-world keepsake that captures the charm of interstellar adventures.
Cozy Autumnal Wreath
Not quite ready to get into the full festive spirit? This wreath will give that autumn feeling, no matter the weather outside.
Cozy Freezer Bunny Wreath
Bring that sense of playfulness the holidays bring to your decorations by putting up this Freezer Bunny adorned wreath.
Cozy Floral Wreath
Looking for something different while keeping it classy? This floral wreath not only looks good, but it also probably smells good too.