Get out there and meet some other Sims to make Friends! Grades can be raised by going to school with a positive emotion or completing homework.
Teen is at least a B-student and has 5 friends
Explore the Night
In The Moodlet
Perfect the Art of Grilling
They say best friends are forever! Form bonds by making a childhood best friend and becoming good friends with other youthful Sims. Play, Adventure and form lifelong bonds in the passion of youth, before entering into your Teenage Years.
A good friend knows all your stories. A best friend helped you write them.
Start your Sim's Career from the Phone or Computer, make Friends by being friendly with other Sims, and do tasks in the Aspiration panel to complete a Milestone
Sim gets to level 3 of any Career, has 3 Friends, and completes 2 Milestones of any Aspiration
Working Relationship
Sims can become a CEO in the Business Career by choosing the Management Track after getting promoted from Senior Manager, and continuing to get promoted further up the career ladder. Logic, Charisma, and a Confident Mood help a Sim excel in this career, as well as going to work and doing any Daily Tasks listed in the Career Panel.
One from the couple becomes a CEO, the other becomes an Angel Investor (Investor Track of Business Career)
Raise Funds and the Child Sim before Aging Up
A Sim becomes a Comedian and broke up with their initial romantic partner
Children have Mental, Creative, Social, and Motor Skills. Choose one skill and level it up by using skill-building Kids objects
Reach Level 5 in one of Sofia and Leonardo's Skills
Click on the aspirations tab to see what your Sims desire most. As Sims act out their aspirations, they grow and gain reward points.
Complete Child Aspirations
Complete party goals to increase the party score and have fun until the party ends
Complete the Party
Select Plan a Social Event in the Social category on the phone, select a House Party or Dinner Party, and make sure &lt;b&gt;Goals and Rewards&lt;/b&gt; is checked.
Start a House or Dinner Party
Farrah's friend will give her a call soon!
Answer Phone
Use the treadmill, workout machine, or punching bag for 1 hour
Work Out for 1 Hour
Use the phone and select Travel in the Travel category, and select a Gym or Bar in the map view
Travel to Gym or Bar
Make sure Grandma and all the Siblings are home by clicking the Go Home button
Bring the Family Home
Find a significant other for each sibling by performing Romantic Interactions with another Sim and asking them to be your romantic partner.
Find a Romantic Partner for Each Sibling
Make sure each sibling has a job! Use the Phone's Business Section or a Computer to &quot;Find a Job.&quot; You can also use the Career Panel to &quot;Join a Career.&quot;
Get a Job for All Siblings
To Mentor, reach level 10 in a skill and use the Mentor interaction on the teenage Sim while she is practicing that skill.
A Sim Mentors a Teenager in skill 5 times
Gain Imagination skill by playing with Toys and Dolls, Draw with Llama on the Wabbit Tablet, listening to music, or looking at Toddler Books.
Have your Toddler reach Level 5 Imagination Skill
Skill Books are a useful way for Sims to gain Skills and can be found at the Library or purchased from a Computer
Reach level {0.Number} in any Skill
Reach Level 10 in at least 3 Skills
Sims can mentor in: Programming, Rocket Science, Comedy, Writing, Painting, Fishing, Handiness, Logic, Piano, Violin, Guitar, Fitness, Robotics, Fabrication and Knitting.
A Sim is level 10 in a Mentorable Skill
Plan a Social Event through your phone or open your calendar and plan an Event
Host a Party! Plan a Social Event through your Phone.
A Sim is Soulmates with someone they’ve never broken up with
Sims who are very high in Friendship and Romance are Soulmates.
A Sim is Soulmates with someone they’ve broken up with
Initial Sims are Soulmates
Sims who are very high in Romance and neutral in Friendship are Lovers
Initial Sims are Lovers
Sims can break up with each other with the Mean interaction: Break Up
Initial Sims are broken up
Sim has {0.Number} friends
Get out there and meet some other Sims to make Friends!
Teen has {0.Number} friends
Congratulations on completing the Scenario!\n\nAs a reward, each Sim in this household has earned Satisfaction Points which you can spend at the Rewards Store. You can buy rewards for each Sim in their Aspiration Panel.
Sims who are very high in Friendship can ask to become Best Friends.
A Sim is Best Friends with someone they’ve broken up with
A Sim is Best Friends with her Mentee
Completing Aspirations is a great way to give your child an advantage when they grow up by earning a Reward Trait!\n\nView Aspiration requirements or select a new Aspiration in the Aspiration tab.
Have your child complete a Childhood Aspiration
When plants reach maximum health, they can be evolved to improve their overall quality. Once a blossoming plant reaches Quality: Perfect, use the Harvest interaction to complete this goal. Requirement: Gardening 2, no Oversized Crops
Harvest from a Perfect Quality plant
Open your inventory and eat one &quot;Forbidden Fruit of the PlantSim&quot; that has magically appeared. 
Eat the &quot;Forbidden Fruit of the PlantSim&quot; from your inventory
A Sim needed for scenario moved out or is deceased
Choose a sibling's phone and donate your inheritance. Start fresh with no Simoleons, but hopefully better karma!
Donate Inheritance to Charity
Have at least one sibling get promoted in their career path by completing their Promotion and Daily Tasks in the Career Panel.
Get Promoted
Select Grandmother and use the Phone's Home section to &quot;Burn Inheritance Money.&quot; That oughta show them you're not joking around!
Burn 50,000 Simoleons of Inheritance 
Try being friendly to your grandmother or have her do fun activities such as watching TV or reading a book until she no longer feels angry or sad.
Improve Grandmother's Mood
Select Grandmother and use the Phone's Home section to &quot;Donate Inheritance Money to Charity.&quot; That oughta show them you're not joking around!
Donate 10,000 Simoleons of Inheritance to Charity
Avoid using mean social interactions during a dinner party. Direct siblings to be kind to each other and heal the rift!
Get Through a Dinner Party without Fighting
Use the Phone's &quot;Plan a Social Event&quot; under Social or the Calendar's &quot;Add Event&quot; to plan a dinner party and invite Grandma and all the Siblings. Completing a Dinner Party without fighting will improve Grandma's mood!
Throw a Dinner Party
Game Over for this household
Missing 1 or more of the original set of Toddlers
Missing a Sim who is needed for this Scenario
A Toddler or Child got taken away due to neglect
Alone at Last
You are now ready to dazzle your guests!\n\nHost a Cook Out from your Phone or the Calendar.
Host a Cook Out!
Grilling something with gills is important for every Cook Out!\n\nClick on a Fishing Sign to go Fishing.
Catch Fish for grilling
To truly perfect the art of grilling, you need some real Cooking Skill!\n\nLevel up your Cooking Skill by Cooking at a Grill, Stove, or Fridge.
Level up your Cooking Skill to 7
Corny jokes require some Comedy skill to pull off, and a good Cook Out has good jokes.\n\nPractice your Comedy skill at a Mirror or Microphone, or just Tell Jokes to another Sim.
(Objective 3 of 5)\n\nSims age up when they reach the end of a life stage or by blowing out candles on a cake. Check the Simology panel to see how many days remain in the life stage. To age up early, bake or purchase a cake. Then add Birthday Candles and have the Sim blow them out!\n\nReward: 2500 Simoleons
Have a Teen Reach Young Adult Age
&lt;i&gt;The teenage years are critical to establishing how a person will become an adult, though it is not always the easiest period for the child or adult!&lt;/i&gt;\n\nYou completed a Dream goal and earned 2500 Simoleons as a reward!\n\nKeep playing to continue the Dream!
(Objective 2 of 5)\n\nSims age up when they reach the end of a life stage or by blowing out candles on a cake. Check the Simology panel to see how many days remain in the life stage. To age up early, bake or purchase a cake. Then add Birthday Candles and have the Sim blow them out!\n\nIf you need to add a Child to the household you can Try for Baby or Have Science Baby with a romantic partner, as well as Adopt from a Phone or Computer.\n\nReward: 2500 Simoleons
Have a Child Reach Teen Age
&lt;i&gt;As family members reach the final life stage, they've earned a respite from the hard work.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nYou completed a Dream goal and earned 5000 Simoleons as a reward!\n\nKeep playing to continue the Dream!
(Objective 4 of 5)\n\nSims age up when they reach the end of a life stage or by blowing out candles on a cake. Check the Simology panel to see how many days remain in the life stage. To age up early, bake or purchase a cake. Then add Birthday Candles and have the Sim blow them out!\n\nReward: 5000 Simoleons