Become Energized
Brushing Teeth at a Sink or Mentoring someone are good ways to become Confident.
Become Confident
Buy the Night Owl Trait from the Rewards Store in the Aspiration Panel.\n\nThis Trait will help your Sim gain skills faster at night!
Acquire the Night Owl Trait
Nova can prepare for her first day at work! Treadmills and Workout Machines can be purchased from Build Mode under the Active Function category. 
Buy a Workout Machine
Some decorative items have emotional auras Sims can enable! Nova's new Space Print has a Focused Emotion Aura. Click on it and select Enable Emotional Aura or View Focused Work for Nova to get focused around this art piece.
Enable Emotional Aura
Buy a Shower with a Hygiene rating of 7 or higher so your Sim showers faster and has more free time. Showers can be purchased from Build Mode under the Plumbing Function category. 
Buy Shower with\nHygiene Rating of 7
Sims can have many talents and interests! Nova has some skill points in Logic. Find the Telescope in her Inventory and click on it to select Place in World.
Unwind\nwith your Hobby
Lewis got a Space Slug for Nova! Sims store received gifts in their inventories. To place it in your lot, click on the Sim Inventory Panel, select the Space Slug and drag it to the desired surface.
Your Guests want ultimate yumminess. Cook something fresh after they arrive.  Premade food just won't cut it.
Main Goal: \nCall Guests to Meal
Become Dazed
Your Guests want ultimate flavor and premade food just won't cut it. Cook something fresh on the Grill after they arrive then use the Call to Meal interaction.
Main Goal: \nCall Guests to Meal prepared on the Grill
Become Autosmoked
To become Confident, have your Sim brush their teeth at the Sink or Pysch Self Up at a Mirror. Make sure to do this before 9:00 AM so Nova feels confident before work!
Go to Work\nFeeling Confident
Woohoo\nwith Lewis
Select the Mock Outfit interaction under the Mean Category. This interaction is unlocked by having a bad relationship with a Sim.
Kiss Lewis
Click on Lewis and select Instill with False Confidence under the Mischief category.
Instill Lewis with False Confidence
If you wish to damage Nova's relationship with Lewis, select Criticize Woohoo Techniques under the Mean category. This interaction is unlocked by performing Mean socials.
Criticize\nWoohoo Techniques
Was this romance a good idea? Click on Lewis and select Ask to Just Be Friends under the Friendly category to completely reset the romantic relationship.
Ask to\nJust be Friends
To learn about a Sim's career, click on the Sim and select Likes and Dislikes under the Friendly socials category. Then, choose Ask about Career
The winds are shifting towards Foundry Cove. Open the Phone and select Travel, then choose Travel to Foundry Cove.\n\nSelect to learn more.
Travel to Foundry Cove
There's an Equestrian Center in Duke's Hall! Travel to Duke's Hall in Chestnut Ridge.\n\n&lt;i&gt;This &lt;b&gt;optional goal&lt;/b&gt; requires &lt;b&gt;Horse Ranch Expansion Pack&lt;/b&gt; to complete.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nSelect to learn more.
Travel to Duke's Hall
Time to see what lies beyond the mouth of the cave. Return to Desert Bloom Park.\n\nSelect to learn more.
Return to Desert Bloom Park
The whispers are leading you to another destination. Open the Phone and select Travel, then choose Travel to Desert Bloom Park.\n\nSelect to learn more.
Visit Desert Bloom Park
It certainly seems Emit is here, with the sightings reported pointing to Magnolia Blossom Park in Willow Creek.\n\nUse the Phone menu to select Travel and go there.\n\n&lt;i&gt;(+15 Event Points)&lt;/i&gt;
Travel to Magnolia Blossom Park in Willow Creek
Travel to a nearby park by using the &quot;Travel&quot; category of the phone. Pick a park venue and select the Sims you'd like to bring with you.
Take Sofia and Leonardo to the Park
Take Sofia and Leonardo to the Library
Travel to a nearby Library by using the &quot;Travel&quot; category of the phone. Pick a library venue and select the Sims you'd like to bring with you.
Visit a Bar
Use the phone and select Travel in the Travel Category, and select a Bar in the map view
Visit a Gym
Use the phone and select Travel in the Travel category, and select a Gym in the map view
Use the Go Home button on your Sim's thumbnail at the bottom of the screen
Go Home
Foundry Cove is a neighborhood in Willow Creek near the bottom right of the Map. Travel to a home lot within it.
Earn {0.Money}
Find an honest (or dishonest) way to earn 10,000 Simoleons and prove to grandmother that you're capable of contributing to the household.\n\nSims can earn money from careers, selling things they've crafted, and various skill interactions.
Earn 10,000 Simoleons
Have {0.Money}
Sometimes a parent just needs to reconnect with their Teen. Grow your relationship by doing Friendly Interactions and have no negative sentiments.
Repair your relationship with your Teen and Become Good Friends
Make a Good Friend
Use Friendly and Funny interactions with someone until you become good friends
Talk to Leonardo and Sofia about School
Click on child Sims and select Ask about School 
Help Children with Homework
While a child is doing homework, click on them and choose &quot;Help with Homework&quot;
Talk to Your Kids
Click on a child and try &quot;Friendly&quot; or &quot;Funny&quot; interactions
Improve your romantic relationship with a Sim until the Woohoo interactions appear, and then ask the Sim if they want to Woohoo
Woohoo with Someone
Interact with Sims you've met and use joke interactions in the Funny category
Tell Jokes
Interact with a neighbor by the door and invite them in
Invite Neighbor(s)
Get to Know Someone
Cook Boiling Frog Hot Pot
Painting while Angry, Confident, Flirty, Playful, or Sad is a great outlet for the Emotions your Sim feels!\n\nPlace the Easel from your Sim’s Inventory and paint with feeling!
Create {0.Number} emotional {S0.painting}{P0.paintings}
A good BBQ has good ribs… but Excellent ribs are even better.\n\nRequirement: Level 7 Cooking
Make Excellent quality BBQ Ribs Plate on the Grill
Excellent fish is important so that your guests will have more choices!\n\nRequirement: Level 5 Cooking
Make an Excellent quality Fried Fish Plate
Click on the Refrigerator or Stove, select Cook, and select the recipe from the list.
Cook Acarajé, Pão de Queijo, or Brigadeiro together with at least one other Sim
Have §25,000 and Sim reaches level 5 in any skill
Sims can mentor others or write Skill Books to pass on their knowledge.
Sim maxes a skill, mentors teen 5 times, is BFFs with mentee and writes a skill book.
Sims with a Knowledge Aspiration will gain skills more quickly and skill progress may help complete the Aspiration.
Sim completes an Aspiration, has 5 friends, and is level 10 in 3 skills
Sims make more Simoleons when they get promoted! Sims can become a Villain by selecting the Villain branch when earning enough promotions as a Secret Agent.
Have 500,000 Simoleons while in the Villain branch of the Secret Agent career
A Sim makes it to the Comedian branch and is Soulmates with their initial partner Sim
Join the Entertainer Career and progress into the Comedian Branch
A Sim makes it to the Comedian branch but their initial partner moved out or is deceased
A Sim becomes a Comedian and gets their initial romantic relationship to Lovers or better
Proud Parent
Complete all goals while living the PlantSim life! Garden, maintain unique needs, socialize with plants, and photosynthesize your way to harvesting the perfect plant!&#xD;&#xA;
Live the PlantSim Life
Strike a deal with another Mischievous Sim and become Partners in Crime, then Plan a prank with your Partner in Crime
Teen has done at least 1 school prank successfully
Frog-otten Friends