Explore Brindleton Bay
Discover the coastal shores of Brindleton Bay, a new world where your Sims and their pets can live and enjoy outdoor activities. Play fetch near the harbor docks, take a walk to the lighthouse, or visit a park to setup an obstacle course.
Become a Vet and Run a Clinic
Build a veterinary clinic, hire a dedicated staff, and further your career as the town’s most promising animal doctor. You’re in control of daily operations from the services offered to what you charge.
Bond with Your Pets
Experience the companionship and fun that furry friends bring to your Sims’ lives. Cats and dogs have minds of their own and form special relationships with Sims based on their daily interactions.
Create Cats and Dogs
Use the powerful Create A Pet tool to express your creativity as you customize your Sims’ perfect cats, dogs, puppies, and kittens. Choose from a variety of breeds, give them distinct personalities, and directly manipulate their features.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Perfect Patio Stuff
Chill outside, pool-side.
Set-up an open-air lounge area by the pool with a variety of stylish furnishings and décor. Heat things up on the new barbeque grill and serve up some refreshments at the new patio bar.
Dress down to kick back.
From swimsuits to slim-fit polos, choose from a collection of chic apparel. Master the grill in the new “kiss the cook” apron. Top off your Sims’ laid-back look with new hairstyles.
Relax in the all-new Hot Tub!
Adults and children love soaking in the tub, while handy Sims will find a plethora of upgrades. Couples enjoy quiet moments together to discover new romance. Find it in Build Mode under Outdoor Activities.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Basement Treasures Kit
Precious Memories
Add a little history to your décor. Do these items have sentimental value to your Sims or are they simply what they’re making do with? Maybe that was their mom’s favorite recliner, or their grandparents’ old television. Create new memories from the old.
Just a Little Dusty
Sometimes you have to sift through the basement to uncover a few gems. They might look a little scuffed up, but they still have plenty of use and a whole lot of character. 
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Casanova Cave Kit
Effortless Style
Dress in high-quality, understated fashions made for the masculine Sim. These styles are relaxed, achieving a polished look that is still a bit rough around the edges.
Elevated Evenings
A jumbo, state-of-the-art TV and stylish modern furniture will make your den an undeniable hotspot. Have friends over for a chill night at the card table – or have a date over for an exciting night on your stylish, well-loved leather sofa.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Moonlight Chic Kit
Timeless Romance
A slinky dress, flowing shirts, and smart jackets are staples that are always in style. Help your Sim find that romantic spark with fashions built to last (even if the romance doesn’t).
Modern Parisian Style
Pair shorts with sneakers for casual fun or dress up your look with some silk or sparkles. The youthful fashion of today draws inspiration from classic styles to build something new and trendy.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Realm of Magic
Dress for Supernatural Success
Get in the spirit of sorcery with outfits that suit your Sim. Collect wands and brooms to finish the look, then decorate rooms with enchanting objects.
Get Real Familiar
Summon a dragon, fairy, or the familiar that best suits your Sim’s personality as a personal guard and give it a creative name.
Learn the Craft
Study up on classic teachings, get experts to train your Sim. Collect and cast spells to make Sims fight, conjure food, or even turn others into objects. Create drinkable potions to make Sims fall in love, remove unwanted curses, or live forever!
Discover the Neighborhood
An unreal world awaits your Sim, and when you stumble upon the secret portal, there are mystical discoveries at every turn.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Restoration Workshop Kit
A Functional Space
Create a workshop that’ll inspire Sims to improve their skills! This space has modular shelves so you’ll have ample storage, plus interactive objects like a water heater, fuse box, floor fan, and woodworking bench.
A Job Well Done
This kit includes four antique appliances – a microwave, coffee maker, refrigerator, and stove – in need of a little TLC. Sims with the Handiness skill can go to work restoring them to their former glory and making them functional again.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Parenthood
Personalize Your Household
Customize your Sims’ looks and their home with new family fashion and build items. Give the kids’ bedrooms extra personality, remodel the kitchen to feel homier, and let your Sims express their sporty or artistic sides with new outfits.
Enjoy New Family Activities
Gather your Sim’s family to participate in new activities and spend quality time with each other. Sims of all ages can work together to complete a variety of school projects, express their creativity using construction blocks, or volunteer their time for good.
Shape Your Sim’s Childhood
The decisions you make influence how your Sim parents and leave a lasting impact on their child’s future. Each choice shapes their personality, affects their traits, influences their family relationships, and guides their path into adulthood.
Develop Parenting Skills
Level up your Sim’s parenting skills to satisfy their child’s needs and influence their behaviors. Gain new abilities through experience and choosing when to discipline bad actions, encourage good behavior, or just let kids be kids.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Seasons
Grow Your Gardening Career
Create beautiful bouquets and unearth new discoveries in the gardening career. Advance your Sim’s budding talents to unlock fresh skills, new outfits, and handy objects.
Celebrate the Holidays
Decorate your home and bring Sims together to celebrate heartfelt holiday traditions. Watch as your Sims countdown the calendar days for the next holiday. You can even create custom holidays and choose how your Sims celebrate.
Revel in Seasonal Activities
Bundle up to build a snowpal with friends, toss on a raincoat to splash in a spring shower. Dress Sims in new swimwear to cool off in the sprinkler, harvest honey in the fall, play in leaves, or have child Sims make homemade holiday crafts.
Experience Impactful Weather
From hot and sunny to blustery and snowy, every world’s climate is unique and impacts your Sims’ choices, relationships, and daily activities.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Fitness Stuff
Shape Up Your Space
Invite the outdoors into your Sim’s home with nature-inspired objects and décor that convey a sense of motion. Build a spacious fitness studio to watch workout videos, or create a modern bathroom space that’s perfect for a post-exercise soak.
Get Fit in Style
Dress your Sims in athleisure apparel that’ll inspire them to reach their fitness goals. Choose an outfit from the collection of vibrant tops and bottoms, then pop in some earbuds and hit the gym, or wear the new look out on the town.
Scale the Climbing Wall
Improve your Sim’s fitness skills and physique by ascending the all-new rock climbing treadmill. Complete climbing challenges, compete for the high score, and learn advanced bouldering techniques that’ll leave spectators in awe.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Book Nook Kit
Comfy and Cozy
Sink into a good book, and a cushy sofa. This kit features plush seating with soft, relaxing accents that’ll help your Sim unwind.
A Reader’s Retreat
Arrange stackable bookshelves and décor in a way that suits your Sim's style, whether that means a light-filled window seat or a cozy hideaway in the corner. 
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Life &amp; Death
Friendly or Fiendish?
Linger as a Ghost, helping or terrorizing the living. Grow abilities, assist with chores, or levitate Sims for fun. Earn Fear or Goodwill essences from interactions. Enjoy afterlife activities, including special spectral WooHoo with another Ghost.
Goodbye (For Now)
Sims grieve in 4 ways based on personalities and relationships. Customize Grieving Rituals to fit your story. Create Wills to pass down Heirlooms, assign guardians, and distribute Simoleons. Honor the departed with memorials, urns, and Custom Gravesites.
A Ghastly, Gorgeous Life
Join Grim’s career to reap souls and help ghosts, or become a Mortician to deal with death in another way. Explore Crypts, build Thanatology skills, and pursue the Ghost Historian Aspiration. Bond with a Pet Crow or collect Tarot Cards; ideal for Macabre Sims.
Build your Sim's Bucket List with goals based on traits and relations. Complete them for powerful rewards. They can also be finished in the afterlife as Unfinished Business. The ultimate reward is Rebirth, but you can also Move On or stay as a Ghost.
An Endless Journey
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Businesses &amp; Hobbies
A World of Possibility
Build your future in historic Nordhaven, perfect for creative hobbies. Attend Meetups, find mentors, or become one. Host Classes and Lectures to earn Mastery Perks. Explore Gammelvik and Iverstad to connect with like-minded Sims.
Mold Your Future
Improve your Pottery skill to unlock designs like tea sets and planters. Use the Pottery Kiln for glazing. At higher levels, practice Kintsugi to craft art from broken ceramics.
Make Your Mark
Master the Tattooing skill to give Sims custom tattoos, unlocking stamps and stencils as you level up. Create designs in Tattoo Paint Mode, layer tattoos, and share or browse in the Gallery for more.
Open Your Dream Business
Explore the Small Business system. Create a fulfilling small business for your Sim, like selling crafts or services. Use the selection tool to set up a workspace. Charge customers with the Ticket Kiosk. Hire family or others.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Country Kitchen Kit
Make It Homey
The kitchen is the heart of the home for a reason! Every object works together to foster a warm atmosphere with vintage furniture, decor, and materials.
Cook in Comfort
Build the kitchen of your Sim’s dreams with a completely new set of counters, islands, cabinets, and mix-and-match pieces. Small details add charm to the items, complete with multiple color palettes.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Romantic Garden Stuff
Dress in Modern Floral Fashion
Romantically inspired modern fashion and hairstyles add a touch of floral fun to your Sim’s wardrobe.