Battle with Monsters
Discover the Wishing Well
Splash in the Water Fountain
Build A Victorian-Inspired Garden
Get Poppin’ with the Popcorn Popper
Gather Around the Projector Screen
New costumes and makeup
Throw a new Spooky Party
All-new Pumpkin Carving Station
The artsy vibe makes this a great place to be creative. Painting, Writing, and Woodworking usually comes out better quality.
The Landlord has one rule - the Inspirational plaque dedicated to a famous historical resident can never be removed or sold. 
The beautiful views are sure to lift anyone's spirits. 
Parties just seem to go well at this place! Meeting Social Event goals becomes much easier. 
Food prepared in this kitchen will enhance your Sims' culinary skills. Look out famous Chefs!
Rent is cheaper than average for this Apartment.
The local school is great! Kids seem to get high grades and usually do better at homework. 
The beautiful scenery really make this place uplifting. When the sun goes down, Sims may get Energized, Happy, or Inspired.
Science Lair
The secluded vibe means there's little to distract great minds from the study of Logic or Rocket Science.
Romantic Aura makes it easier to get other people in the mood for LURVE!
Quake Zone
Occasionally there’s a minor tremor here. Probably nothing to worry about…\n\nAvailable with City Living.
Sims often find loose change around the place. It's like there are pixies squirreling away Simoleons or something.
Plumbing doesn't work off-the-grid.
Power doesn't work off-the-grid.
Private Dwelling
A home lot with this trait deters all but the most determined visitors (It has little effect on commercial venues).
Natural Light
The quality of light here makes Painting and Photography much easier to master.
The Mean Vibe makes it easier to get other Sims angry with Mean or Mischief interactions.
Homey
The homey vibe helps Sims quickly master the domestic arts of Cooking, Mixology, Handiness and Gardening. 
Fast Internet
A great online connection helps out those looking to improve their Programming, Video Gaming or Writing skills. 
Sims have a chance to get nauseous when eating, drinking or using the bathroom.\n\nAvailable with City Living.
Gardening just seems to go really well here.
Great Acoustics
The acoustics are perfect here! A great place for any musician to hone their skills. 
Bracing Breezes
Oodles of fresh air make for a bracing environment to exercise. 
From clogged sewers to grimy counters, this place seems to get dirty really quickly.\n\nAvailable with City Living.
Convivial
The spacious but intimate feel makes it easier to practice Charisma, Comedy and Mischief to your heart's content.
This situation is unavailable at this location due to the Clothing Optional lot trait.
Kids just seem to learn faster here.
Rent is higher than average for this Apartment.
A great place to practice your Handiness skills!
The neighbors live life to the max. There's often a party going on. 
Lots of things seem to go wrong here.\n\nAvailable with City Living.
A Yoga class is beginning in 30 minutes. Please notify the Yoga instructor if you wish to participate.
Hold your Horses! Management doesn't allow Horses in the building. Horses thrive with &lt;i&gt;space&lt;/i&gt;.
Crawdad Quarter
Crawdad Quarter is the heart of Willow Creek. All of the towns liveliness, from parks to nightlife, can be found in this neighborhood.
Located in southern Willow Creek, Foundry Cove has lots of character (and its share of characters). Residents enjoy modest homes with a canal nearby for fishing and a charming, active railroad.
Courtyard Lane offers affordable homes for the upwardly mobile set. Classic styling mingles with larger shotguns and more expansive homes.
Willow Creek's most desirable area, Sage Estates features large, sprawling estates, lush landscaping, and the best high society has to offer.
This historical section of Willow Creek, the Garden Community boasts large mansions and the cache that comes with living in them.
sqeGameplayProfileArea3 Test World
sqeEmptyLotArea Test World
Skyward Palms
Parched Prospect
Desert Bloom
Original Park from Oasis Springs.
Acquisition Butte
Bedrock Strait
Sylvan Glade
LOT 1
PERF LOT 1
Mirage Canyon
Mirage Canyon is Oasis Spring’s true oasis. Parched visitors passing through can always delight in seeing the gorgeous rushing waterfall and a well-appreciated pitstop.
This upscale gated community offers its residents all the warm, wild benefits of living in the desert along with the luxury of endless green grass.
This neighborhood is your quintessential desert-living experience with bustling tumbleweeds and cacti as far as the eye can see!
Residents of Acquisition Butte are paying premium for the gorgeous, rocky overlook and the sweet sound of solitude.
Residents of this delightfully kitschy neighborhood take pride in their billboards and lawn gnomes. And who wouldn't love getting to say hello to Barry the Brontosaurus every morning?
Magalog 9 Lot World
Foundry Cove
Courtyard Lane
Magnolia Blossom
Original Park from Willow Creek.
Sage Estates
Pendula View
Gallery Lot Build World
Chiron_OneLot_Hill
Chiron_OneLot_Cliff Test World
Chiron_OneLot Test World
Forgotten Grotto


Ridgeline Drive
This family-friendly neighborhood has a lovely picnic area and a striking city skyline backdrop.
Llama Lagoon
With lakeside walkways and public playground equipment, this neighborhood is just the right amount of cosmopolitan.
Bridgeview
This busy strip of real estate lining the streets of the Newcrest suburbs boasts ample hiking trails.
InGame/WorldDescriptions/GD_GardenEstate_40x40:LandName
windowSetQA02
windowSetDG01
Level up in Writing Skill
Level up in Painting Skill
Level up in Fitness Skill