(From Keyboard Commander High Score)
(From Reading Simpedia)
(From Arithmetic Game High Score)
(From Writing a Quality Song)
(From Drinking Coffee)
(From Catching Your Child Fighting)
(From Meeting New Sibling)
(From Watching Divorce)
(From Winning a Chess Match)
(From Pondering Chess Moves)
(From Playing Chess)
(From Socialization)
(From Toddler Skill Gain to Levels 3 or 5)
(From Work)
(From School)
(From Online Shopping)
(From Promoting Brands)
(From Pampering)
(From Networking)
(From Researching)
(From Work)
(From Work)
Reclaimed Wood Dining Chair
Is this wood locally-sourced?
Craft this item by selecting Craft Furniture on a Woodworking Table.\n\nYou can also purchase this item in Build Mode, but it's cheaper to craft it!
Woodworking Recipe
Reclaimed Wood Wall
Give your living space a rustic look with this weathered wood wall paneling. 
Find this item in Build Mode under Wall Patterns, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Wall Pattern
Odonata Glasses
These specs give a whole new meaning to the phrase &quot;bug eyes&quot;. 
Reclaimed Woodworking Table
This cobbled-together woodworking table is a textbook example of function over form, but what it lacks in beauty, it makes up for in heart. 
Relevart Time Walkers
Walking the strands of time isn't easy.\n\nHaving a good pair of walking boots at hand really helps to keep you grounded as time is ripped apart beneath your feet.
Find this item in Create a Sim under Shoes, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Shoes
Missing Sim Milk Carton
The theory of the multiversal-disc, or digital depending upon your era of expertise, states &quot;...any Sim that can be, has been in some way and at some time.&quot;\n\nThe Missing Sim Milk Carton collection attempts to make sense of the mind-bending multitude of Sim possibilities.
Find this item in Build Mode under Decorations, or use the Event Rewards filter.
The ElectroDance Floor
The ElectroDance Floor is the perfect excuse for you to show off your &quot;Get down and Boogie&quot; moves!\n\nGather your friends, and turn those ordinary garden parties into a full-blown raves!
Find this item in Build Mode under Activities and Skills, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Surprise Birthday Cake
This colorful confection is sure to bring the ooh's and aah's, and maybe a little unexpected something surprising to the celebration!\n\nLight the Candles, Make a Wish, and be prepared for a little dancing!
Find this item in Build Mode under Activities and Skills, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Activities and Skills
New Retro Station Songs
Enjoy some new additions to the Retro music station! Whether it be a little 'naba neen naba neen' or 'tabwa ee' these throwback melodies are sure to hit that nostalgic note!
Find these songs on any stereo on the Retro station, or in Game Options under Music - Retro.
Music - Retro
Sticky Fingers
Do you desire to climb the corporate ladder? Or swipe the ladder from beneath the feet of others?\n\nNimble fingers and a knack for mischief are the keys to a fortune in ill-gotten gains!
Find this in Create a Sim or Live Mode when choosing an Aspiration
Aspirations
The Fun-Fun Inflatable Set, Part Two
Comfort meets convenience with the Fun-Fun Inflatable Set, Part Two!\n\nDesigned to foster a relaxed atmosphere. Its soft contours and light material make Part Two perfect for lounging, napping, or kicking back for a playful night of movies and popcorn!
Find this item in Build Mode under Comfort, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Comfort
Dina Caliente's LBD
The little black dress inspired by Dina Caliente, is a versatile essential to your wardrobe that can be worn dressed up or down, for any occasion.
Find this item in Create a Sim under Full Body, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Full Body
The Relevart Neck Stabilizer
Emit often found time travel to be quite a head spin, until he discovered this handy neck stabilizer. Don't leave time without it!
Find this item in Create a Sim under Accessories, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Accessories
Bigger Gatherings Banquet
The Bigger Gatherings Banquet is your perfect choice for notching up your dinner parties, feasts, and shindigs to an eleven! This sturdy table ensures your gatherings always have a place for food, drinks, and socializing in style. Never ask, 'Where’s the food?' again.
Find this item in Build Mode under Activities and Skills, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Activities and Skills
Be &quot;The Emit&quot;
Does it protect the time traveler? Is it temporally insulated? Does it provide a quick dry in a rainstorm? No. But...\n\nA thousand years from now, this is the hottest thing in the megalopolis of Greater Sixam!
Find this item in Create a Sim under Full Body, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Full Body
The Fun-Fun Inflatable Set, Part One
Feeling deflated? Inflate some fun with the Fun-Fun Inflatable Set, Part One!\n\nPart One combines quirky style and ultimate relaxation in one bouncy* package. Perfect for lounging, chatting, or sitting. Part One is sure to add a pop of personality to your space!\n\n*Does not support bouncing.
Find this item in Build Mode under Comfort, or use the Event Rewards filter.
The Future's So Bright &quot;Sun&quot; Glasses
Emit often found the burst of sunlight as he emerged to each new arrival to be overwhelming. If only he had some way to block the sun's light.\n\nAfter many years of dedication, Emit developed his specially made &quot;sun&quot; glasses to keep his eyes shaded.
Find this item in Create a Sim under Accessories, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Accessories
Get Up! Alarm Clock
&quot;Time waits for no Sim&quot;, but with the return of the classic Get Up! Alarm Clock you'll never be late because you lost track of time, again!\n\nSet it, forget it, and let this trusty gadget do the rest.
Find this item in Build Mode under Electronics, or use the Event Rewards filter.
The Yesterday Set
Wood and parquet as a set? Absolutely!\n\nAt Retro Floors &amp; Floors, we have spent countless years lounging in all the best homes of yesterday—your home!\n\nNothing says Blast from the Past like unexpected floor material changes!
Find these items in Build Mode under Floor and Ceiling Patterns, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Retro Deco Phone Set
Remember cords, wireless handsets, and answering machines? Or when caller ID meant answering the phone and asking &quot;who is it?&quot;\n\nThe Retro Deco Phone Set brings back all the memories from those early days. So take a seat by the ol'rolodex, and re-live life before call waiting.
Find these items in Build Mode under Decorations, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Glow-in-the-Dark Freezer Boney
Sporting an eerie green glow, this Freezer Boney is the perfect companion for a late-night goth rave. 
Plush Freezer Boney
An exceptionally fluffy Freezer Boney for those cold nights when you want to curl up on the couch, wrap yourself in a cozy blanket, and ponder your own mortality. 
Metallic Freezer Boney
A Freezer Boney so shiny, you can see your reflection in it... assuming you have one. 
Sugar Skull Freezer Boney
A colorful Freezer Boney calavera, commemorating The Day of the Dead. This Freezer Boney is often placed upon the ofrendas of departed Sims.