Thanks so much for a job well done. Hope this pay is sufficient.
I'm looking for someone to make a blog about my cat and I think you're just the person for the job! Think you can get that done for me? Of course you can!
We have the fog machines and the lasers. What we don't have is the program to make 8 bright green laser dragons fly out of the densest fog anyone has ever seen. I think that you're just the person to help us.
It's a conspiracy! There's no possible way that our town could naturally have this many blades of grass with the exact same width! Help me set up a site to expose the truth! I can pay you with grilled cheese, right? No? Well, the truth must have its voice, no matter the price.
Self-driving cars are yesterday's news. Our company is developing self-piloting hang gliders. Transportation of the future! We're just having a few fairly insignificant problems keeping them away from power lines. Would you take a look?
I'm having trouble with my robot army. They just want to sit around and drink coffee. Will you look into why they're so lazy?
After seeing one at that conference, I NEED to have a mechanical mixologist. I built one from household scraps, but can't get the UI working. It's only making soda water! I'll pay you to fix it. No price is too high!
My phone icons seem drab and dull. Could you write an application that would make all of the icons wear tuxedos? Now that would be fancy!
We just did a security analysis of our company systems and let's get to the point, things are bad. How is it possible that everyone's password is ********? You have to help us!
Continue Side Job
(From Disliking Programming)
(From Liking Programming)
Practice Writing
Practice Typing
Twinbrook
Sunset Valley
Riverview
Moonlight Falls
Midnight Hollow
Lunar Lakes
Lucky Palms
Littlehaven
Isla Paradiso
Dragon Valley
Champs Les Sims
Bridgeport
Barnacle Bay
Appaloosa Plains
Still awaiting a reply from this penpal.
Find a Pen Pal
I've posted on the pen pal forums. Now to wait and see if anyone responds!
There hasn't been a reply yet, but I should probably wait a bit longer before I post again.
Check for Pen Pal Replies
Winner, winner, lobster thermidor dinner! I've got a new penpal from Lucky Palms.
Spooky, scary. This new penpal of mine is from Midnight Hollow.
I have a new penpal from Sunset Valley. I remember when everyone and their mother used to live in Sunset Valley. Times have changed.
My newest penpal is from Moonlight Falls. I've heard that it's really beautiful at twilight there.
How posh! It looks like I've got a new penpal from Bridgeport.
Shucks. It looks like no one replied to my penpal request, which is now closed. The good news is: I can post again whenever I want!
Out of this world! This penpal is from Lunar Lakes.
I've always wanted to see the Simomon River. I'll have to ask my new penpal from Riverview to describe it.
I've got a penpal in Isla Paradiso. Living there must be like a permanent vacation!
Yo ho! I've got meself a new matey from Barnacle Bay.
My new penpal lives in Twinbrook. I've always been curious about their swamps.
By my troth! My newest penpal resides in Dragon Valley.
Mon Dieu! My new penpal hails from Champs Les Sims.
It looks like I've got a penpal from Littlehaven and, what's this - oh, I also got a friend request.
Yee-haw! Looks like I've got a new penpal from Appaloosa Plains!
Pro Sims Forever Tournament
Novice Sims Forever Tournament
Pro Road Rival Alpha Tournament
Novice Road Rival Alpha Tournament
Pro The R.E.F.U.G.E. Tournament
Novice The R.E.F.U.G.E. Tournament
Pro MySims Go! Tournament
Novice MySims Go! Tournament
Pro Incredible Sports Tournament
Novice Incredible Sports Tournament
Pro Hillock II Tournament
Novice Hillock II Tournament
Pro Blicblock Tournament
Novice Blicblock Tournament
{0.SimFirstName} won the game tournament! Huzzah!
{0.SimFirstName} came in second in the game tournament. A little more practice and {M0.he}{F0.she} will be sure to win next time.
{0.SimFirstName} achieved third place and it is nothing to sneeze at. But it does mean there's plenty of room for improvement!
It turns out the other competitors in this tournament were better than {0.SimFirstName}. No prize this time!
Another game tournament will be held soon!
Play Keyboard Commander
Force Self to Play Sims Forever
Force Self to Play Sims Forever with Mods
Blicblock with Mods
Force Self to Play Road Rival Alpha
Force Self to Play Road Rival Alpha with Mods
Play Road Rival Alpha
Road Rival Alpha with Mods
Force Self to Play The R.E.F.U.G.E.
Force Self to Play The R.E.F.U.G.E. with Mods
Play The R.E.F.U.G.E.
The R.E.F.U.G.E. with Mods
Play The Sims Archives, vol. 4
Play The Sims Archives, vol. 2
Play The Sims Archives
Force Self to Play MySims Go!
Force Self to Play MySims Go! with Mods
Play MySims Go!
MySims Go! with Mods
Force Self to Play Incredible Sports
Force Self to Play Incredible Sports with Mods
Play Incredible Sports
Well, that's a job well done. We caught the burglar red-handed. Your vigilance kept the neighborhood safe—excellent work!
(From Burglar Being Arrested)
(From Being Burgled) 
Continue Take That! Shock Upgrade
Continue Police Link Security Upgrade
Take That! Shock Upgrade
The alarm will shock the Burglar when triggered, forcing them to drop any stolen objects.
Police Link Security Upgrade
The alarm will automatically call the police when triggered.
(From Active Burglar on Lot)
Burglar!!!