Animators
Animation and Visual Effects Director
Alchemy (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd
Advanced Business Analyst
Art Director - Moschino Stuff
Additional Writers
Maxis wants to thank MunMun icemunmun Chattopadhyay, Harrie, akalukery, peacemaker_ic, Molly “storylegacysims” Blaha, Keanu Reeves (Luumia), Austin Harris &quot;AHarris00Britney&quot;, Alexis Krasnoff “FeralPoodles”, and Jaden aka peachyfaerie for their amazing talent in creating fantastic content for our 21st Birthday! We hope you Simmers enjoy this content as much as we do.
Business Funds
Currently in free Build Mode.
Household Funds
Settings
Left Click to save game, or Right Click to open advanced save.
Lot Value
Technical Support
Exit Game
Options Menu
Achievements
Network Status:&lt;br&gt;You have been disconnected. Click here to reconnect.
Network Status:&lt;br&gt;You are now connected to The Sims™ 4 community!
Quit &amp; Update Game
You must have The Sims 4 registered to your EA Account to access online features.
Try Again
Stay Offline
You have been disconnected from the Gallery due to inactivity. Gallery requires an online connection.
Reconnect
Quit + Log In
Our servers are experiencing heavy traffic right now, please try again later.
Update Required
A game update is required before you can connect to play online. Would you like to quit and update your game, or stay offline?
EA Account login detected.
Would you like to play online?
EA app has been closed. Some features may not be available.
EA app authentication failed; please log in to EA app to enable online features.
Internet is required
Connection is required.
Connect or stay offline?
Attempting to connect...
Could not connect
Would you like to try again?
Connect
Close
Online services are currently down for maintenance.
Online services will be coming down for maintenance within 5 minutes.
Online services will be coming down for maintenance within 30 minutes.
Online services will be coming down for maintenance within 10 minutes.
Online services are coming down for maintenance now.
Sims Delivery Error
Game Options
An unknown error has occurred.\n\nCode: {0.String}
Download has Stopped
Game Options
An error has occurred. Please check Game Options for Download Status.
Download Complete!
Restart
To enjoy the new content, you must restart The Sims™ 4.
Insufficient Disk Space
Game Options
There is not enough disk space to continue the download.
Sims Delivery Incoming!
Game Options
The Sims™ 4 is downloading new content in the background! Check game options to see its status. There will be another notification when the download is complete.
New Content Available!
Download now!
New content is available for The Sims™ 4! Would you like to download it now?
Connection is Required
Game Options
EA app authentication failed. Please log in to EA app to enable online features.
New Sims Delivery!
New Content has been installed, but will not be available for use until the game is restarted.\n\nWould you like to restart now?\n\nAll unsaved data will be lost.
Yes, Restart Now
No, Keep Playing
New Content Drop!
Do not download and miss out on newest content
Download Now!
Download to get the newest and latest from The Sims™ 4 team! Download will happen in the background so you can continue playing while downloading new content.
Toilet
Sink
Shower
Workout Equipment
Dining Table
Bar
Barstool
{0.ObjectName}
Work Outfits
Sleep Outfits
Party Outfits
Miscellaneous Outfits
Formal Outfits
Everyday Outfits
Athletic Outfits
Face
Hair
Customize options are available for Teens and older.
Customize
Gender and Age
Gender
Tattoos
Skin Details
Face
Faces