Generous Friends
Seeing a dissected frog is enough to destroy anyone's appetite. So much for lunch.
Dissection Theft
Chewed Another's Gum
That was pretty gross. Isn't that punishment enough?
Ballistic Watermelon Gum
Tasty even when it's ABC gum--already been chewed.
Unbelievable Spoilers
Sneak Peek
Caker's Remorse
If turning down cake was the right thing to do, why does it feel so wrong?
Rested and Recovered
Internet Aflame
It would seem that no bad deed goes unpunished.
Gluttonous Gluten
MMMmmm... delicious cake... Sabotaging one's own fitness goals never tasted so good!
Covered in Spitballs
Good to know that kids' parties result in being attacked with moist, balled-up confetti.
Security Cracker
Who needs a reward? Cracking the code was good enough.
Overstepped Friendship
Joking about a friend's love life may be crossing the line.
Locked Out
Gah! The software company locked every hacker out of the system.
No Credit
Someone taking all the credit for joint work is infuriating.
Successful Leak
It is better that the public be in the know, no matter what.
Fake Documents
Lightened Load
Sometimes it's amazing how good it can feel to clear out your system!
Broke Like the Wind
Sure, grunting like a herd of warthogs is acceptable at the gym, but passing a little gas is laugh-worthy?
Next time, it might be a good idea to actually study.
Under Prepared
Tattled On
This isn't going to be a fun conversation with the principal.
Being average isn't very stressful.
Stress-Free Answering
A Little Cheating
At least it wasn't a lot of cheating.
Chemical Wings
Not real wings. But man, that drink sure made {0.SimFirstName} feel juiced!
Country Rocked
Woooooo!
Under Suspicion
It's no fun being mistrusted by Co-workers--especially these Co-workers.
In the Clear
No one suspects a thing!
Honorary Wing
A museum will probably last longer than any work of art. What a legacy!
Despicable CFO
It's always disappointing when colleagues can't be trusted.
Company Recovering
Proving strong leadership can get any company through a rough patch.
Collection Bonanza
So much for the starving artist theory!
Good Sims and Evil Sims will never agree. The battle rages on!
Awake and Ready to Go
A new day, a new opportunity!
Jolted Awake
Awakened by an alarm clock can be unpleasant, but necessary.
Ready-Made Kid
{0.SimFirstName} has got all the new-parent bliss, without the fuss of pregnancy.
Paperwork Drudgery
Ugh, the numbers are starting to swim before {0.SimFirstName}'s eyes.
Numbers
The numbers... they form a pattern... it's... beautiful...
Did Good
In a Stupor
Knocked senseless by an audacious joke!
This will boost the speed at which your Sim gains Photography Skill while in a Club Gathering
Photography Boost
(From Liking Kids Radio Music)
(From Disliking Kids Radio Music)
(From Liking Played Music)
(From Disliking Played Music)
(From Scented Candles)
(From Being in a Warm Part of the Pool)
(From Being a Tragic Clown Around Other Sims)
(From Being Near Tragic Clown)
(From Using Open Shower Around Others)
(From Jealous Trait with Open Romantic Boundaries)
(From Being Near an Infant)
(From Holiday Candles)
(From Warming Lamp)
(From Radiator)
(From Being Near Campfire)
(From Destructive Quirk)
(From Burning Spoiled Food)
(From Burning Drinks)
(From Bonfire)
(From Recalling Your First Fire)
(From The Wooden Throne)
(From Alarm Clock)
(From Air Conditioner)
Silky Terrier
Schnoodle
Pembroke Welsh Corgi
Norwegian Buhund