Angelfish
A lovely small fish, perfect for showing off and keeping other fish on their best behavior.
Gummie Guppie
A deliciously squishy friend for your home, just don’t leave him alone with the catfish.
&quot;Captain Fishbones&quot; Bonefish
He swims in circles, can’t remember a thing, and is already dead… your best friend!
Mounted Tetra
Mounted Red-Tailed Black Shark
Mounted Piranha
Mounted Perch
Mounted Minnow
Mounted Kissing Gourami
Mounted Guppy
Mounted Goldfish
Mounted Betta
Mounted Batfish
Mounted Angelfish
Mounted Gummie Guppie
This is one sweet treat that you’ll want to avoid taking a bite out of.
Mounted &quot;Captain Fishbones&quot; Bonefish
You won’t get a record weight with this fish, but everyone will be looking to hear the story on how you caught this spooky friend.
Mounted Trout
Mounted Treefish
Mounted Tilapia
Mounted Catfish
Mounted Anglerfish
Mounted Bass
Mounted Wolf Eel
Mounted Sturgeon
Mounted Salmon
Mounted Rainbowfish
Mounted Koi
collectFishMounted_bm
collectFishMounted_bm
Anglerfish
Trout
It might look like a little bit like salmon, but no doubt it's trout.
Treefish
Shhh... can you hear their singing? No? Well, even magical treefish have limits.
Tilapia
Tilapia are a type of cichlid fish. They're pretty happy in a nice aquarium too.
Rainbowfish
Contrary to popular belief, following a rainbowfish will not lead you to a pot of goldfish.
Koi
Koi is actually a shortening of nishikigoi meaning&quot;brocaded carp.&quot; A pretty name for a pretty fish.
Catfish
Unlike a domestic cat, this fish uses its whiskers to taste its surroundings. Like thin little tongues.
Batfish
The batfish doesn't sleep upside-down, but it has nice, leathery wings to make up for it.
Bass
A perch by another name. Nice sound dynamics though.
A sneaky predator fish that lures prey into its mouth with a small, glowing tentacle like growth on its head.
Wolf Eel
This bottom feeding eel-like fish is known its hard-shell eating teeth. Scared? They're actually quite friendly.
Sturgeon
Sturgeon are large fish sometimes called living fossils. Luckily, they aren't offended.
Salmon
A good sized fish known in Celtic mythology as a symbol of wisdom. Also known for being delicious.
Seaweed
collectFishFailGENSeaweed_01
Bunch of Twigs
collectFishFailGENPond_02
Driftwood
collectFishFail_bm
collectFishFail_bm
Gummie Guppie
Gummie Guppie
&quot;Captain Fishbones&quot; Bonefish
&quot;Captain Fishbones&quot; Bonefish
Rocket Science Vol 3: Counting Down to Launch
By: Professor Sprocket \n\nThis last installment comes with a 100% guarantee that after reading this you’ll be able to construct and launch a spacecraft!
Programming Vol 2: Maintaining Healthy Semicolons
By: Rich Raken \n\nThis book will teach you the importance of using fibers to keep your multithreaded code clean, healthy, and ready for anything.
Programming Vol 1: Turn It Off and On Again
By: James Scott \n\nBecome a computer wizard! Not a wizard like hat and wand, just someone who can bend computers to their will. Actually, a hat and wand couldn’t hurt.
Programming Vol 3: Learn to Talk Robot 
By: 1001010110010 \n\n00000010000010001011010010010011101001101100010010000010101000000011011010101000010101000010111010011011
Crisis Barn
By: Jim Scuttleson \n\nWhen humble family man Ira Strauss left the big city to start a farm, he never expected to find a dead French diplomat face-down in the hay. Can Ira's uncanny nose for detail and way with livestock help catch the killer before the FBI tears his barn apart? First in the epic Ira Strauss mystery series!
Piano Vol 2: Sharps, Flats, and Naturals
By: Hamlin Steinkey \n\nA comprehensive resource for every budding pianist! Learn all the little details involved with piano playing!
Piano Vol 1: It's Pretty Black and White
By: Hamlin Steinkey \n\nWhether you're just generally interested in learning the piano or your parents are forcing you to, this book will teach you the basics.
Piano Vol 3: Concertos, Minutes, and Sonatas
By: Hamlin Steinkey \n\nLearn to play like a professional and move the audience to tears, smiles, or frowns with your masterful performance!
Painting Vol 2: The History of Painting
By: Seamus Shanty \n\nStudy the cave painting of old to the modern paintings of today. The more work you've seen the more work you'll be able to &quot;reference.&quot;
Painting Vol 1: The Fundamentals of Painting
By: Siggy Sue \n\nLearn some basic brush techniques as well as some pretentious vocabulary to use at art galleries.
Painting Vol 3: The Painting of Painting
By: Sara DeVere \n\nA great painter is defined by their ability to put paint on canvas and then talk about that paint in an emotional way that non-painters don't understand. 
The Spy Who Loved Measles
By: George Harold Innman \n\nIn another heart-pounding international thriller, our favorite secret agent has to navigate hypochondria in order to prevent nuclear war.
The Glutton Spiel
By: Thomas Hinkle \n\nIn a post-apocalyptic city, 9 teenagers are chosen at random from their cave communities to eat until they are stuffed. Then, they waddle onto the Field of Terrors and fight to the death. Why? THE FUTURE!!
Where the Boardwalk Ends
By: Shelly Silverman \n\nA brilliantly light-hearted collection of poems that proves that a kid's life is a day at the beach.
The Cherry Lip Balm Caper
By: Helmuth Von Gluck \n\nRed lips sink ships, at least in Hergstrom they do. Can Liz Schultz put the lid on this case before the criminal smears the facts?
The All Revealing Selfie