Project Coordinator
VERY SPECIAL THANKS
User Experience Researchers
User Experience Researcher
The Walt Disney Company
Technical Product Manager
Technical Artists
Technical Artist
Technical Artist
Vice President &amp; General Manager
Sound Design
Original Star Wars Sound Design
Skywalker Sound
Head of Production
Head of Engineering
Dialogue Recordist
Audio Archivist
Star Wars Galaxy's Edge Data Pad
Senior Concept Designer
Play Disney Parks Producer
Creative Executive
Star Wars 3D Asset Group
Maxis would like to thank Christina Gry Paulsen &quot;Laireen&quot; for her amazing talent and helping us create the spectacular styled rooms for Home Chef Hustle.
Studio Art Director
Store Operations
Sr. Director - Global Brand Management
Sr. Brand Manager
Sr. Brand Manager - For Rent
Sr. Brand Manager - Horse Ranch
Lucasfilm and Disney Special Thanks
Maxis would like to thank SimLicy, Kayla Sims (lilsimsie), James Turner, and Deligracy for contributing their talent to make Mt. Komorebi's Lots. We hope you love their creations as much as we do.
Maxis would like to thank the members of Keywords' Japanese Testing Team and ASPIRE (Asian &amp; Pacific Islanders Represent), especially Aki Miller, Annie Lim, and Jennifer Sunahara, who volunteered their time and knowledge to help The Sims 4 Snowy Escape become a more authentic and inclusive representation of the Japanese culture from which it draws inspiration.
Maxis would like to thank lilsimsie for collaborating with us on Comfy Gamer.
Maxis would like to thank SIXAMCC for collaborating with us on Storybook Nursery.
Maxis would like to thank Ebonix for collaborating with us on Urban Homage.
Maxis would like to thank Xureila for collaborating with us on Modern Luxe.
Maxis would like to thank Plumbella for collaborating with us on Pastel Pop.
Maxis would like to thank Doctor Ashley (Ashley Chan) for creating the hauntingly lovely Duplantier Dwelling. We hope you like it as much as we do!
The Sims™ 4 Nifty Knitting Stuff Pack Team would like to thank all of our Sims players who contributed to the direction and design of this pack. From the very first survey to the forum brainstorms and feedback threads YOU were critical in shaping the final form of this pack every step of the way. We couldn’t have done it without you! We here at Maxis hope that you enjoy playing it as much as we enjoyed sharing the process with you.\n\nMaxis will also like to thank our friends from Coldwood Interactive for allowing us to bring Yarny to life in Nifty Knitting.\n\nSpecial thanks to Madeleine Vaillancourt.\n\nSpecial thanks to Carly Hwang, Riley, and Mimi.
Maxis would like to thank the following BioWare team members for their contributions to parts of the game: Miray Hepguler, Erin Onufrichuk, Jon Renish, and Corinne Whitford
Maxis would like to thank Daniel Quasar as creator of the Progress Pride Flag.
Maxis would like to thank CatherineGames, Harrie, icemunmun, and SimLicy for helping us create amazing lots to make the World of Tartosa come to life.
Creative Consultant for Hair Design – Lacy Redway
Maxis would like to thank Dzidziak86, Deligracy, and Kayla Sims (lilsimsie) for creating all the amazing lots that have brought San Sequoia to life.
Maxis would like to thank JOL1990YT, Leo Acejo (XFreezerBunnyX), and Tonya - MsGryphi for their amazing talent and helping us create the amazing lots that make Copperdale a place for all teens.
Special thanks to EAX
“Yob Owb Dahalfords&quot; and “Forastu Mordoo&quot;\nWritten and Performed by Rudy Pina
“Zomberribe”\nWritten and recorded by Charlton Pettus
“Bleed Into Me”\nPerformed by Trivium\nWritten by Corey Beaulieu, Paulo Gregoletto and Matthew Kiichi Heafy\nPublished by Trivium Song Machine administered by Kobalt Music Publishing America, Inc.\nRecording courtesy of Elektra Records by arrangement with Warner Music Group Video Game Licensing
“The Legend Of Mother Swan”\nPerformed by The Hu\nWritten by Tsendbaatar Galbadrakh , Batjargal Enkhsaikhan , Galsanjamts Nyamjantsan, Naranbaatar Temuulen and Bayarmagnai Dashdondog\nPublished by No More Names (BMI) / The Hu Songs (BMI)\nRecording courtesy of Better Noise Music
“Onde Børn”\nPerformed by Myrkur\nWritten by Amalie Bruun, Kristoffer Rygg, and Morten Bergeton Iversen\nPublished by Domino Publishing Company USA (ASCAP) and District 6 Music Publishing\nRecording courtesy of Relapse Records
“Electric Messiah”\nPerformed by High On Fire\nWritten by Des Kensel, Matt Pike, and Jeff Matz\nPublished by Riffchild Music, DDK Music, J Matz Music c /o High On Fire Music (ASCAP) and Downtown Music Publishing\nRecording courtesy of Entertainment One U.S., LP
For use of FreeType\n\nPortions of this software are copyright © 2.9.1 The FreeType Project (www.freetype.org). All rights reserved.
Snappy 1.1.8 is used based on copyright © 2011, Google Inc. All rights reserved.
Site Reliability Engineer
Sheer Tianyi Technology LLC
Senior User Experience Researcher
Senior Operations Manager
Senior Manager, PE Business Partnership
Senior Manager, Global Talent Acquisition
Senior Finance Manager
Senior Director, Technical Art
Senior Development Director
Senior Data Analysts
Senior Data Analyst
Senior Content Trainer
Senior Cinematic Animator
Maxis would like to thank Paramount Games and Emerging Media for collaborating with us on SpongeBob's House.
Maxis would like to thank Paramount Games and Emerging Media for collaborating with us on SpongeBob Kid's Room.
© 2025 Viacom International Inc. All Rights Reserved. Nickelodeon, SpongeBob SquarePants and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Viacom International Inc. SpongeBob SquarePants created by Stephen Hillenburg. 
Lead UI Engineer - Island Living
Lead Gameplay Engineer - Island Living
Lead Designer - Island Living
Lead Animators - Island Living
Recruiting Consultant
Quality Verification Development Managers
Quality Verification Team
Quality Engineering Team
Quality Designer II
Quality Designers
Quality Assurance Development Managers
Product Management
Production Coordinator
Additional Writing Magician
Player &amp; Quality Insights
Perfect Patio Stuff
Luxury Party Stuff
Showing:
Get to Work
Base Game
For use of zlib\n\nCopyright (C) 1995-2017 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\n\nJean-loup Gailly - jloup@gzip.org\nMark Adler - madler@alumni.caltech.edu
Lead Designer - Book Nook
Lead Designer - Grunge Revival
Lead Designer - Basement Treasures
Lead Designer - Greenhouse Haven
Lead Designer - Bathroom Clutter
Lead Designer - Simtimates Collection
Lead Designer - Everyday Clutter
Lead Designer - Pastel Pop
Lead Designer - Bust the Dust