6 PM
11 PM
8 AM
7 AM
5 AM
3 PM
1 PM
12 PM
9 PM
9 AM
7 PM
6 AM
5 PM
4 PM
4 AM
3 AM
2 PM
2 AM
1 AM
12 AM
11 AM
10 PM
10 AM
Practice Riding
This lot is not age appropriate for children and teens.
This lot is not age appropriate for toddlers.
Go To The Cantina
Teach to Walk
Age Up!
Age Up
Age Up
Select an Agency
Age Down!
At Work
Go to the Gym
{0.SimFirstName} breaks out of the work space to break into a quick sweat and relishes in the rewards of a lunch break well spent. The workout also relieved some of {0.SimFirstName}'s stress, and {M0.he'll}{F0.she'll} perform {M0.his}{F0.her} job even better.
Lunch Break!
{0.SimFirstName} has about 30 minutes free time at lunch. How should {M0.he}{F0.she} spend it?
(From Layoff Risk)
(From Recalling a Milestone)
Miss Work?
Adopt
Congratulations! Your family has grown.
{0.SimLastName}
{1.SimFirstName}
{0.SimName} is bringing home a new family member!
Be Adopted
The High Brow
A charming suburban window with a heavily emphasized “brow”-popular with Italian families.
Basic Bay Window
Maximize your view and add a feeling of space even to the most modest home.
Fenestral Maneuvers in the Dark
Love natural light and unnatural darkness? Have it all with the shadowy yet striking silhouette of the FMD.
Angle on the World
Bold shapes add a touch of style while framing your outlook on life.
The Clapper
Easy to clap shut when solicitors and tree huggers come by.
Double Vision
A striking addition to any home, these wood-frame windows feature subtle embellishments that are truly timeless.
Surburban Outlook
Simple decorative wooden shutters add a touch of charm and nothing else.
Porthole Peeper
Sail away to happy seas with this fanciful wooden maritime window.
Narrow Outlook
Gaze at the world outside your window, without letting it gaze in.
Double Hung Window
Ideal for a bathroom or other narrow space, this window slides open when you simply must have a breath of fresh air.
Shutter to Think
Delivers total privacy and just a smidgeon of natural light.
Pessimist’s Porthole
This modern submersible window features reinforced glass and vacuum-sealed industrial-steel braces, just in case of, well, anything.
HBD Sliding Window
People liked our sliding doors so much, we thought we should try it as a window. Starting small, we added a counter version to our HBD series. Enjoy the light and bit of view it provides from your kitchen counter, or tile it for a uniquely versatile tall sliding window!
HBD Tall Picture Window
For when you want a much bigger picture of the outdoors, we included an even taller picture window in the HBD series. Fit for even the shortest wall height, it'll give you a view you won't be able to avoid.
HBD Picture Window
Our first picture window in the HBD series, this design gives you a pretty view fit for a picture frame. Flank it with single hung windows for a design forward view of the outdoors.
Ceremonial Dedication Fenestra for Cordelia Thebe I
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Lost Legacies Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nCreated by the Verdemar Glassmaker's Guild for the dedication of Cordelia Thebe I, this impressive creation of stained glass is a historic symbol of naval might and family pride. The glass lives encased in a window frame made of parts salvaged from the wreck of the infamous pirate galleon, Maraudade, symbolizing the country's harmony with their piracy culture.
Through the Looking Glass Window
What is life like when looking through a square or through a shape? Is it a shaped, cookie-cutter life? That, we will never know... unless you have this amazing loft-style window in your Lot! Every shape is immaculately measured to be the perfect lookout spot no matter where you look. If you are not into the philosophy of looking through windows, we can say that this window is perfect for maximizing your Lots' natural light, your plants (even the fake ones) will probably thank you if they could speak, but who doesn't talk to their plants?
Window 2 Wide Version Angular
We know the value you have in your life. We know why you loved Window 1 Wide Version Angular, but sometimes life is worth the risk! Throw caution to the wind, take it all in, live your life today! Life needs challenge... challenge yours!
As Time Goes By
Watch the world grow, through the As Time Goes By window.
Voices Carry Single Pane
Voices carry, but not through this window! All sound is 100% guaranteed to be minimized as it passes effortlessly through this window. Certified silent by the Deaf Poets Society of Window Dressers.
HBD Tall Single Hung Window
We elongated our HBD windows by adding a tall version of the base set. These work great for your first story, or if you really want people to see you no matter how high up you are.
HBD Single Hung Window
Our HBD window set started with this unassuming but classic everyday window. It's perfect for smaller wall spaces and second stories. Pair it with our Picture Window for some unique tiled combinations.
HBD Square Picture Window
We completed our newest HBD window set with this small, square window. It fits perfectly under kitchen cabinets or gives light to any bathroom without sacrificing your privacy!
Extended Vertical Window
This large window still manages to maintain a slim frame while allowing plenty of open space for grand views. Perfect in any living room that wants to let the light in!
Window 1 Wide Version Rectangular
When I think of a window, I think of a thing you can look through to see what’s on the other side. Everyone wants to know what’s on the other side. We show you the other side. Live beyond your view of reality, look to the other side.
Window 1 Wide Version Angular
Everyone knows a window with too much window on top is just a waiting lawsuit. it’s above your line of sight, you have to bend your neck to look up. It’s painful. It hurts. It’s the quickest way to the grave. Window 1 Wide Version Angular saves lives. Saves your life, and the lives of your children. If not for you, for them?
Daddy’s Girl Formal Wedding Arch