Mega Wall Lantern (Basic)
Furniture is art. And no one knows art better than the programmers who invented the AI algorithms for our furniture-crafting robots. That’s why every MegaMission Wall Lantern that rolls off the line looks just as artistic as the thousands before and after it.
Gastown Outdoor Wall Light
Budget-friendly outdoor lighting for when you want all illumination, no ambiance. 
Colonial Outdoor Wall Lamp
Elegant colonial style informs this delicate outdoor wall lamp. The founding fathers would be proud.
Warzau Outdoor Wall Lamp
A sturdy outdoor wall fixture that seethes with industrial chic.
Moonflower Outdoor Post Lamp
Trompe l'oeil LED lighting mimics a flower in shape, but shines like the moon after dark. Perfect for late-blooming garden parties.
Georgina Outdoor Lamppost With Double Hanging Planter
Add a touch of floral color to your lighting design with this Queen Anne-style lamppost adorned with two hanging baskets suitable for planting.
The Animus
Like a constellation, our lives take shape as lines traced between experiences. We live. We move forward. We love. We move forward. We trip over a garden hose and fall to the ground, weeping. We turn on a light—and move forward. The Animus outdoor path lamp, by Reclamation Homeware.
Mega Garden Lamp (Upright)
The real beauty of antiques is the unique quirks and imperfections they possess. Every antique garden lamp we produce is specially weathered on our assembly lines for a look that is truly one in a million. Sorry… of. One OF a million.
Mega Garden Lamp (Hanging)
MegaMission Warehouse lighting fixtures have to be both beautiful and functional. That’s why every single lamp we sell is carefully hand-crafted by our precision robots. Well, we say “hand…” They really have more of a spatula/clamp combination.
The Superlative
All our lives, we are trained to stifle our true nature. To punch a time clock. To mortgage away our vitality. At Reclamation Homeware, we defy false desires. We live in a world lit only by the light of the soul’s true purpose—and by these super hip pathway lamps.
Terrestrial Saucers
You probably won't fear an invasion from outer space with these outdoor lights, but you may wonder if subterranean aliens are coming to visit. At least they'll be able to see where they're going!
MothBGone Outdoor Lamp
This inexpensive outdoor post lamp doubles as a bug-zapper. 
Salem Outdoor Lamp
This Victorian-style swan-neck hanging outdoor lamp from the Salem Collection keeps ruffians and rogues at bay. Raccoons, too.
Outdoor Ground Light
Specifications for Outdoor Ground Light: Outdoor. Ground. Light.
Lumpen Lumeniat Pillar Lamp
A minimalist pillar lamp for all your unobtrusive lighting needs.
Lunatech Floor Lamp With Shade
Sleek contemporary lines mean you'll never use this lampshade as a party hat.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Painter career while in the Master of the Real branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Painter career while in the Master of the Real branch.
Flegel Studio Floor Lamp
Powerful studio-quality lighting illuminates all your artistic endeavors. Still life included.
Unlocked at level 9 of the Culinary career while in the Mixologist branch.
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Culinary career while in the Mixologist branch.
Lemonade on a Sunny Day Torchiere
When life gives you lemons, turn on this lamp. You'll be lounging in a hammock in no time.
Two Thousand Ounces of Gold Under the Sea
Dating pirates did have perks for Princess Cordelia. Birthday presents were usually flashy and made of gold. Such was the case for this candelabra, made of two thousand ounces of gold. Now released for mass market, it’s made of brass.
Long John Buttercups Floor Lamp
Whenever Princess Cordelia's Submarine dove or rose, she enjoyed watching the lights briefly flicker. This particular lamp was named after Princess Cordelia's first pirate boyfriend, Captain Long John Buttercups. He always said this lamp reminded him of his old galleon.
Portola Pillar Lamp
The severe lines of this floor lamp provoke a stylish anxiety balanced by the soothing effect of its cool blue lampshade.
Mega Floor Lamp
Our floor lamp incorporates everything that makes mission design great. It’s a celebration of straight lines and clean angles, the kind of perfect simplicity that can only be achieved by a warehouse of furniture crafting precision robots. Each mica shade is lovingly assembled by micabots, or would be if robots could feel love.
Kid's Floor Light
Worried about the “tone” in your kids’ room? Lighten up with this adorable floor light!
Totality Tripod Floor Lamp
Reclamation Homeware presents a floor lamp that's proud to be an overgrown desk lamp.
A Lamp Named Claudine
This pillar fixture sports a trio of multicolored lampshades ready to get the party started.
You've Got the Light
Green is the color of growth, of spring, of safety. Green lighting helps restore depleted energy and subtly implies permission for all sorts of esoteric activities in your home.
Sunbather Lamp
Is there anything more serene than lying on a grassy hill in the countryside under the warm rays of a mid-morning sun? Bring serenity home with the Sunbather lamp, which shines so brightly you’ll swear you can feel its warm light all over your skin.
Cornerstone Lamp
There’s a certain comfort gifted to us by reliable furniture, such as our stoic Cornerstone lamp. Wherever you need light it will stand, tall and firm, shining forth its brilliant light. It will never tire and never yield for as long as we desire.
The Squealer
Grease the hinges for privacy, or leave them squealing to tattle on sneaking teens (or grownups who think like them).
Mega Gate (Basic)
Can’t you just picture the old artisan hunched over his workbench, his strong but knobby hands reaching out for just the right tool to coax his artistic vision forward from the oak? We can’t because these gates were made on an assembly line by robots, but they look EXACTLY like the handmade antique kind.
Maiden’s Gate
Perfect for discreet encounters, it comes with a lantern to signal late-night visitors.
Mega Gate (Budget DeLite)
At MegaMission Outdoor Warehouse, we know that the worst part of the fence is that there’s no way through it! It’s a perfectly impenetrable border! That’s why we developed the greatest breakthrough ever in fence technology: the Gate! Now you can go inside OR outside the fence, again and again!
Mega Gate (Deluxe)
You’ll pay a little more for the deluxe model of our Mega Gate, but the second you open one you’ll see why: Hinge-Rite technology. Every swing of the gate is the promise of smooth, soundless action from the finest hinges outside of the space program. You will weep when you see these hinges.
The Lefty
Created for households where lefties have the upper hand, this modern gate leaves righties reaching.
Modern Wonder
Just imposing enough to make the neighbors wonder.
Cottage Gate
A simple, graceful entry for your home sweet home.
Palatial Gate
Featuring regal marble columns and a royally heavy door.
In the (Safety) Zone Baby Gate
Keep your infants and toddlers safe in an area with this baby gate. Be sure to equip the handy dandy baby proofing system, or you might have your hands full. Be warned...some toddlers can become quite the escape artists!
Modern Vista Gate
Offers a glimpse of your contemporary home without welcoming everyone and their mother.
To the Point
These dignified modern security gates send a clear and pointed message.
Woodn’t You Like to Know
Hefty yet dignified wooden gate offers the utmost security and privacy.
Spanish Inquisition
Tiled columns and fanciful wrought iron keep intruders beautifully at bay.
Don’t Even Pry
The perfect defense against peeping toms, solicitors and strays.
Mega Gate (Double Deluxe)
A gate only NEEDS one door, but you know who stops at one door? Peasants. That’s the number of doors peasants use. You can do better, and that’s why it’s worth investing in the double deluxe model of the Mega Gate. It’s like having a gate, only yours is better!
Simple Shudder
Stern enough to give guests pause without being completely rude.
Nature's Welcome
So woodsy and wild, your friends will want to slip off their shoes and skip barefoot through its branches.
Grand Estate Gate
Impress your guests even before you turn them away.
Twigs
A small pile of sticks and leaves used to fertilize and re-grow garden plants.