Ask about the Royal Envoy
You got to make the most of your youth and that includes School! Do Homework by clicking on the Grade School Homework in your inventory. Already finished your work? Don't worry! I'm sure your teachers will give more after going to school. \n\nThey say many hands make light work! This certainly applies to Schoolwork. You can Form A Group and Do Homework Together. 
Do Homework
Get Distracted with a Hobby
Find a location outside the house and click on the terrain to select Go Here. Going outside is a great way to socialise with other Sims and find things to do in Nova's neighborhood.
Go Outside
Nova has received mail! Click on the Mailbox and select Get Mail.
Check Mailbox
To Bind your Voodoo Doll to another Sim, click in your Sim's Inventory and select the Voodoo Doll. Then Click on Bind To and select the Sim you want to Bind.
Bind Voodoo Doll to Lewis
Some decorative items have emotional auras Sims can enable! Nova's award has a Focused Emotion Aura. Click on it and select Enable Emotional Aura to benefit from its focus boost when your Sim programs or plays video games nearby.
Click on the Computer and select Make Mobile App or Make Video Game under the Program category. Sims can unlock these interactions by increasing their Programming skill to level 7 or level 9 respectively.
Make an App\nor a Video Game
Use the Order Drinks For Group interaction on the bar (under the Order Drink category)
Order Drinks For Group
Use the Psych Self Up interaction on a mirror to get a Confident moodlet. Being Confident makes social interactions more successful and even unlocks new ones!
Psych Self Up
Freshen Up
Use the Freshen Up interaction on a mirror to get a Flirty moodlet. Being Flirty makes romantic interactions more successful and even unlocks new ones!
Use the Dance interaction on a stereo playing music (if needed, use the Turn On interaction first)
Dance to Stereo Music
Order Drink
Interact with a bar and order any drink
Use a shower interaction on a shower
Take Shower
Find a fishing sign close to water and use the Go Fishing interaction
Go Fishing
Select the urn and release grandmother's spirit to the netherworld. This will allow grandmother to pass on, but after this is done, she cannot be brought back as a ghost. 
Release Grandmother's Spirit
Read the inheritance letter from a sibling's inventory to see what they have - and have not - been given!
Read Inheritance Letter
Select Grandmother's urn and read her epitaph.
Read Grandmother's Epitaph
Release your feelings for your departed grandmother by mourning. This can be done by selecting her Urn.
Mourn Grandmother
Select Grandmother's Urn and engrave a few words to remember her by. This will complete the scenario.
Engrave Grandmother's Urn (End Scenario)
Select the ghost of grandmother and invite her to rejoin the household.
Add Grandmother's Ghost to Household
If you are not ready to say goodbye quite yet, select grandmother's urn and strengthen connection with the physical world. This will give you some time and a chance to bring her back as a ghost.
Strengthen Grandmother's Connection to the Physical World
Find Water Pumps scattered around in Oasis Springs and click on them to Look for Frogs
Catch a frog from a Water Pump
Look for Frogs in Ponds at Parks or build your own Pond!
Catch a frog from a Pond
Find Logs scattered around in Willow Creek or Newcrest and click on them to Look for Frogs
Catch a frog from a Log
Have at least 2 Frogs in your Inventory, click a Frog and select Breed Frog With interaction
Breed {0.Number} Frogs
Go to work during the night!\n\nGet a job in the Criminal career, as an Entertainer, as a Culinary Mixologist, or a Part-Time Babysitter, Fast Food Employee, or Retail Employee.
Work night shifts
Check out the local Nightclub, Lounge, or Bar and see what they have going on at night!\n\nTravel through your phone or the World Map and order a drink at the bar.
Order a drink at a Nightclub, Lounge, or Bar at Night
There’s rumors going around that Ghosts come out at night.\n\nGet a Ghost to visit your home by keeping a deceased Sim’s Urn or Tombstone placed on your Lot, then grow your Friendship until the “Ask To Move In” Interaction is available in the Friendly category.
Befriend a Ghost and invite them to join your household
When you need more energy than coffee provides, drink a Sleep Replacement Potion!\n\nBuy a Sleep Replacement Potion from the Rewards Store in the Aspiration Panel.
Drink a Sleep Replacement Potion
Some Sims can’t really function without coffee.\n\nTry brewing some by buying a Coffee Maker from Kitchen Appliances category in Buy Mode!
Brew and drink coffee
Take a Shower while Uncomfortable
While your Sim is Uncomfortable, take a Shower to help make them feel better!
Sometimes all a Sim needs is another Sim to listen! Vent or Complain about Problems to another Sim while your Sim is Tense
Vent or Complain about Problems to another Sim while Tense
Enable the Emotional Aura on an emotional object
Placing the Into the Moodlet Lamp from your Sim’s Inventory and Enabling the Emotional Aura can help Sims get into a Happy Emotion. Or you can enable the aura on an emotional painting!
While your Sim is Embarrassed, try telling a Self-Deprecating Joke to another Sim
Share Insecurities or Tell a Self-Deprecating Joke to another Sim while Embarrassed
Balancing school, taking care of the kid sibling, and raising funds it tough.\n\nHire a Nanny from the “Hire a Service” option in the phone to help out around the house!
Hire a Nanny
Select an Angry Sim and Try to Calm Down or select a Mirror and calm your own Sim down
Calm an Angry Sim down
Click on &quot;Build Mode&quot; and Purchase a Dining Table from the &quot;Dining Room&quot; category
Buy a Dining Table
Buy a bed for Pablo and Jennifer and two beds for Leonardo and Sofia. Double Beds and Twin Beds can be found in the &quot;Bedroom&quot; category in Build Mode!
Buy Enough Beds for the Martinez Family
Buy 4 dining chairs and place them facing your dining table. Dining chairs can be found in Build mode by search or by selecting the &quot;Dining Room&quot; category
Buy 4 Dining Chairs
Buy your own bar to serve drinks, build your mixology skill, and take your parties to the next level. Bars can be purchased in the Dining Room category of Build/Buy.
Stereos can blast music and get Sims dancing. You can find Stereos in Build Mode, in the Electronics and Audio categories. 
Once a Wedding has begun, either Sim in the couple can call off the wedding.
Have Siblings Become Best Friends
Improve friendship relationship between siblings until siblings are good friends or higher! 
Heal Grandmother's Negative Sentiments
Be friendly, kind, and forgiving until your grandmother's Hurt, Angry, or Bitter sentiments are no more. 
Improve the friendship relationship between siblings until each sibling is at least &quot;friends&quot; with each other.
Have Siblings Befriend Each Other
Heal Negative Sentiments
Make siblings reconcile by healing their negative sentiments towards each other by apologizing and being Friendly to each other.
It’s easier to repair a relationship if Sims are in a good Mood and the conversation is going well, otherwise well-intentioned socializing can backfire.
All household Sims are friends without any negative Sentiments
It’s not easy for Sims who hate each other to have a passionate romance, but it can be done! Charisma skill and patience will help.
Two household Sims are romantically involved as Enemies with Benefits
Under Mean Socials, a married Sim can divorce their spouse.
Couple gets divorced
Fostering friendship through activities and social interaction is a great way to form memories. Can you make friends your own age? Are you social enough to hang with the Teens or Older? Earn enough relationship to reach &quot;Good Friends&quot; status with other Sims.
Become Good Friends with 4 Sims
What is childhood without having a best and forever friend? Maximize your relationship with another Child Sim and use the &quot;Become Best Friends&quot; or &quot;Become Best Friends Forever&quot; interaction under Friendly.
Become Best Friends with another Child Sim
Older Sims can help Toddlers gain skills faster by doing skill-building activities with them.
Each Toddler reaches level 3 in 4 skills before their birthday