Kitchen Clutter
Family Friendly
Signs of Life
Set the mood with fun and flirty loungewear from The Sims™ 4 Simtimates Collection Kit.
Simtimates Collection
Simtimates Collection
Intimate, Not Exclusive
The Latest in Lounging
Hand-me-down furniture and forgotten favorites await in The Sims™ 4 Basement Treasures Kit.
Basement Treasures
Basement Treasures
Precious Memories
Just a Little Dusty
Stop by your favorite hole-in-the-wall bistro and take in the antique ambiance of The Sims™ 4 Cozy Bistro Kit. 
Cozy Bistro
Cozy Bistro
Nectar Bar Stories
A Neighborhood Favorite
Kick Back
Create your own iconic pineapple home with nautical décor from The Sims™ 4 SpongeBob’s House Kit.
SpongeBob's House
SpongeBob's House
Décor from the Depths
Who Lives in a Pineapple?
Look cute even when the venue of your party is your own bedroom with The Sims™ 4 Sweet Slumber Party Kit.
Sweet Slumber Party
Sweet Slumber Party
Cozy and Stylish 
Spooky Stuff
Spooky Stuff
Class is in session! Be a good (or bad) student, join after-school activities, explore aesthetics, start trends, find your identity, and make the most of being a teenager.
High School Years
High School Years
Copperdale
Once renowned for its booming mining industry, the town of Copperdale, quaint and historic, lay nestled on the banks of Lake LaSuli. Founder Jasper Prescott had foraged this land for its treasured crystals, hoping Copperdale would one day blossom into a prosperous community for families and travelers alike. And though the mine carts reached an eternal halt, the townspeople continued to flourish. With academics and adventures abound, Copperdale is now home to many families seeking a small-town life with big-city dreams for themselves and their teens. Together they've unearthed a gem far more precious than before - beloved high school memories.
Town Centre
Home to residents and bustling with teens, come enjoy the tea, trends, and tales of Prescott Square, Copperdale's historic central hub.
Academia
Learning is always an adventure! Dive into academics or take a break from studying to cheer on the Womp Womps at a Copperdale High afterschool festival.
Pier Attractions
Bring friends, family, or even a special someone, to enjoy the thrills of Plumbite Pier's waterfront fairground filled with attractions.
Explore Your Style
Shake Things Up
Iconic Teen Moments
Experience High School
Capture the classic grandeur of a castle with The Sims™ 4 Castle Estate Kit.
Castle Estate
Castle Estate
Gotta Love a Classic
Build Something Grand
Design an inspiring space for Sims to hone their creative skills with The Sims™ 4 Artist Studio Kit.
Artist Studio
Artist Studio
Artful Décor
An Artist’s Tools
Dress the next generation of trendsetters in fashion fit for a playdate with The Sims™ 4 First Fits Kit!
First Fits
First Fits
Fashion is 24/7
Dressed to Express
Settle in for a cozy time at the computer with The Sims™ 4 Comfy Gamer Kit.
Comfy Gamer
Comfy Gamer
A Little Sims-y
A Personal Touch
Strengthen family bonds, make friends or enemies, and discover your Sims’ truest selves with The Sims™ 4 Growing Together!
Growing Together
Growing Together
San Sequoia
San Sequoia began as a small fishing town, then became a hub of the fishing and canning industry due to the influence of local fisherman-turned-entrepreneur, Bayani Robles. The Robles family is still very much entrenched in the area even as it has expanded over time thanks to Gilbert Gilberts. Today, San Sequoia is home to cozy streets, a beautiful park with gardens, and quiet suburban neighborhoods. It's the perfect place to raise a family!
Family Friendly
Bring the whole family along to enjoy a movie at the wharf or a bit of a nosh at the Around the World in 80 Bites food cart.  There's plenty for all ages to see and explore!
Wharf Wonders
The heart of San Sequoia can be found at Anchorpoint Wharf, where the area's fishing industry history is still visible in the architecture.
Park Paradise
Stomp around at Whalebert's splash pad play area, fish and swim in a pond, or go for a walk on any one of our Gilbert Gardens' three walking paths surrounding Celebration Lake.
Family Ties
Social Dynamics
Perfect for Families
A Lasting Impact
Cool Kitchen
Cool Kitchen Stuff
Give Your Kitchen a Fresh Look
Create your Sim’s unique &lt;i&gt;Star Wars™&lt;/i&gt; story as you explore the remote world of Batuu in The Sims™ 4 &lt;i&gt;Star Wars™&lt;/i&gt;: Journey to Batuu.
&lt;i&gt;Star Wars™:&lt;/i&gt; Journey to Batuu
Journey to Batuu
The Resistance Encampment
Take in the sights of a lush forest, waterfall, and an otherworldly cave to explore
Millennium Falcon
Up your Scoundrel reputation for a chance to explore the inside of the &lt;i&gt;Millenium Falcon!&lt;/i&gt;
Black Spire Outpost
This is your intergalactic hot spot for shops to purchase artifacts and try some local cuisine
Get your own Lightsaber and Droid
Unite with Iconic Characters
Create your own Story
Experience the Edge of the Galaxy
Take your Sims on a mysterious adventure into the wild and discover a new culture!
Jungle Adventure
Jungle Adventure
Plan Events and Holidays using the Calendar! Schedule up to one Event with Goals and Rewards or one Holiday per day.