Laughing Stock
Oh no! Getting caught by the teacher is the fastest way to lose face in front of the class.
Good Laugh
Nothing feels better than a good belly laugh.
&quot;So, what's up with being totally not funny?&quot;
Bullied
The worst kind of bully is the one you can't retaliate against! Untouchable star players are the worst.
The gang doesn't look too fondly on lapses of memory and wasted time.
Unlucky #7
It feels good to do well but not if it means everyone else is mad.
Threw Off Curve
Sound Debate
Sound logic and wit led to a victorious debate. 
Shared Design
Great ideas are even better when the shared with others!
Jeered by Fur
Being insulted isn't fun. Being insulted by someone in a fur suit is the worst.
Awful Jingle
The only thing worse than having a jingle this bad for an earworm is having written it.
Personal Mascot
Who knew having someone in a fuzzy suit cheering could feel so good?
Outdated Artist
Adhering to outdated arguments and ideas will keep one rooted firmly in the past.
Mascot Beatdown
What a circus! Fans should be cordoned off--far away.
Catchy Tune
Sims will be adding this jingle to their favorite cat videos.
Boring Case
Another predictable target taken out.
Airplane Innovation
What an amazing aeronautical accomplishment!
Turncoat Mentor
What a sad turn of events.
Tricked Into Failure
They say &quot;fool me once&quot;--and once is enough.
That Awkward Sound
Rip....and now everybody's stifling a giggle.
Surprise Winner
Amazing! That was the best kind of surprise.
Ruined Pieces
Maybe the tire marks will make these ruined works of art more valuable.
New Nickname
Lost Honestly
Well, it was a good try.
Left 'em Bewildered
Green Lit Idea
That was a risky maneuver, but it paid off in the end. It really was a great idea.
Confusing Sequel
Maybe the next one will bring back alienated fans....
Borrowed Outfit
Since it's been said that beauty is pain, this all seems appropriate, in a way.
Bargain Bin Bomb
It's pretty deflating to see one's work marked down to ยง1.99.
Academic Fame
Brains and brilliance without question! Good job!
Stunning Ballad
Earned some new fans at the expense of the headliners.
Splotchy Body Paint
The experiment with body painting just flat-out failed. So embarrassing!
Next time, no one gets any help, and then no one gets in trouble.
Simple-Minded Friend
Rushed Project
All of this could have been avoided with more time.
Hint: Once you've placed a room or deck, use the horizontal arrows to resize it, the curved arrows to rotate it, or the multi-arrow button to move it.
Flat L-Shape
Triangular Deck
Square Deck
Rounded Deck
Octagonal Deck
Rounded Deck (X-Large)
Rounded Deck (Large)
L-Shaped Deck
Square Deck (Diagonal)
Custom Room Tool
Hint: Drag to draw a wall. Select the desired point on the grid in order to create desired shape. Double click to complete the desired shape.
Custom Pool Tool
Drag to draw a Pool wall. Select the desired point on the grid in order to create desired shape. Double click to complete the desired shape.
Custom Basement Tool
Drag to draw a basement wall. Select the desired point on the grid in order to create desired shape. Double click to complete the desired shape.
Basement Tool
Drag to create a room underneath the current selected floor. To delete, hold Ctrl and draw over the existing room to delete it.
Increases Writing Skill. Lowers Work performance. Offers a chance of granting an Inspiration moodlet.
Increases Logic Skill. Lowers Work performance. Offers a chance of granting a Confidence Moodlet.
Work on Cold Cases
Increases Writing Skill. Lowers Work performance. Offers a chance of granting an Inspiration moodlet.
Increases Work performance. Reduces Fun Need. Chance for Stress moodlet.
Work Hard
Study the Classics
Increases Logic Skill. Lowers Work performance. Offers a chance of granting an Inspiration moodlet.
Lowers Work performance. Offers a chance of granting a Happy moodlet.
Shift Paradigms
Increases Video Game Skill. Lowers Work performance. Offers a chance of granting a Happy moodlet.
Pwn n00bs
Lowers Work performance. Increases Fun Need. Offers a chance of granting a Happy moodlet.
Take it Easy
This lowers Work Performance, at a slight cost to Simoleons, in exchange for a little fun and a little Confidence!
Shop Online
Improve Work Performance while socializing, at the risk of a little Stress.
Promote Brand
Lowers Work Performance, but there's a chance of becoming Confident.