Adult Sims can change a dirty diaper, clean up an infant, or give them a bath.
Adult Sims can change a dirty diaper, or give a toddler a bath.
(From Low Hydration)
Hydration
Ethereal Sustenance
Ghosts need to ingest ethereal energy from food to sustain themselves. Have a meal, order pizza, or grill something delicious!
Ethereal Sustenance motive is locked because of the Ghost Mastery &lt;b&gt;Transcend Living Needs&lt;/b&gt;.
Infants can be bottle or breast fed, but they can also try out new foods in a high chair!
Toddlers can eat on the floor, but they prefer to sit in a high chair for a proper meal.
PlantSims feed by going out into the sunlight! Make sure they have plenty of water to photosynthesize!
Spooky Diversions
Ghosts need to indulge in fun diversions to keep their ghostly spirits high. Find a TV, play some chess, or of course, play some music to dance!
The &lt;b&gt;Fun&lt;/b&gt; motive is locked when Infants can't move on their own. Completing the &lt;b&gt;Sit Up Milestone&lt;/b&gt; allows Infants to scoot!
Fairies flourish when they embrace a bit of fun in their lives! Watch TV, splash around in the sink, or party like a rockstar in the Fairy Home.
Everyone needs some fun in their lives, especially infants. Listen to a story, play with toys, or engage in a rousing game of Peek-a-Boo!
Everyone needs some fun in their lives, even Servos. Find a TV, play some chess, or of course, play a video game!
Everyone needs some fun in their lives, especially toddlers. Play with toys, look at books, or play a game on the tablet.
Otherworldly Slumber
Ghosts need sleep to recharge otherworldly energy to stay awake and active! 
Though magical and powerful, even Fairies need their rest to stay vibrant! Use a Bed, or shrink down to sleep in a Dollhouse, Piano, or Fairy Home.
Toddlers prefer to sleep or nap in a toddler bed.
Infants need more sleep than most Sims. They can sleep on the floor, but much prefer the comfort of a crib!
Goo Waste
Ghosts need to expel Goo Waste. Send {0.SimFirstName} to use the toilet to prevent humiliating ectoplasmic leaks! 
Goo Waste motive is locked because of the Ghost Mastery &lt;b&gt;Transcend Living Needs&lt;/b&gt;.
Need to pee? Use a diaper for a quick fix. Beware- a full diaper can lead to a big mess!
Need to pee? Use a diaper for a quick fix, or potty train on the potty chair.
(From Low Bladder)
Attention
Go to Lifestyles
Lifestyle Gained!
Lifestyle Lost!
Lifestyle at Risk!
(From Playing Video Games)
(From Eating Too Many Quick Meals or Desserts)
(From Being Inquisitive)
(From Being Independent)
(From Being Clingy)
(From Snob Trait)
When the music is not on, {0.SimFirstName} is in serious need of some tunes.
(From Music Lover Trait)
(From Music Lover Listening Deeply)
(From Materialistic Trait)
(From Loves Outdoors Trait)
Team up with Lewis?
Au Revoir, Lewis!
Deal with Lewis
Set your Sim up for Success
Launch your Sim's Career
To place Nova's laptop in the house, click on her Sim Inventory. Find the laptop and select Place in World. Alternatively, you can drag and drop it in any desk, dining table or counter island.
Nova's promotion requirements include leveling up her programming skills. Click on the Computer and select any interaction under the Program category. You can always check what skill your Sim needs for work by clicking on the Work Panel.
When the phone is ringing, click on it to answer the call.
To become a Tech Guru, click on the phone and select Find a Job under the Business App, or on the computer and select the Find a Job interaction under Career.
Negative emotions, like Anger, can block a Sim from learning skills. Angry Sims can try interactions like Taking a Cold Shower, Calming Down in a Mirror... or even Taking an Angry Poop in the Toilet! These will make the angry moodlets disappear faster!
Place your Laptop
Control your Anger
Answer a Mysterious Call
Achieve level 4 Programming Skill
Determine Your Teenager's Path!
Raise Your Children into Teens!
Complete Child Aspirations
Have Children Do Better in School
Set Up a Child-Friendly Home
Enjoy the Party
Prepare for the Party
Go on a Date
Downtown Hangout
Make Friends
Visit the Bar
Visit the Gym
Travel to a Venue
Explore the Neighborhood
The End of the Family?
A New Beginning for the Family
Become Respectable Adults
Learn to Get Along
Missing Grandmother
You know, perhaps it was best to keep a low profile. It would be stupid to antagonize the neighbors &lt;i&gt;already&lt;/i&gt;, right? That’s what Farrah is telling herself, at least…
You won... but at what cost?
Nova's rival is gone
Lewis Moved in with Nova
Kindness Ambassador
When two ambitious Sims combine forces, they can achieve great things. Encourage Nova and Lewis to grow their new-found relationship and support each other... or let them fall back into their old, bickering ways. Whatever you choose, with a pair like Nova and Lewis, drama will surely follow.  
They say the best way to defeat an enemy is to make them your friend. Nova went a bit further than that and made Lewis a part of her household. The day may come when she questions her decision to live with an insufferable know-it-all, but today, she's happy to have regained a long lost friendship. 
Lewis Sancho is dead.
Twisted Heart
Nova's journey continues as she learns to live with Lewis's death. She can climb the corporate ladder as she originally intended, or find a new path in life. 
Nova won the rivalry and her old childhood friend-turned-enemy is no more. Will she mourn the bond they once shared, or rejoice that her adversary will never insult her again? 
Nova Has it All
Quitting the Rat Race
Nova can proudly close the first chapter of her career… as a free woman! It felt &lt;i&gt;sooo&lt;/i&gt; good to call her manager and quit. She’s now rich in the world’s best currency: free time! It's up to you to decide what she'll invest it in!
Nova gave in to FOMO and embraced the indie life. She’s now free from the corporate chains, and yep, Lewis’ chaotic neutral energy &lt;i&gt;might&lt;/i&gt; have had something to do with it.
Indie Power Couple
Nova could’ve been a brilliant indie dev on her own, but every hero needs a sidekick… or a side piece. These two are unstoppable together!
Fantastic Duo
Nova could’ve been a brilliant indie dev on her own, but every hero needs a sidekick, right? These two are unstoppable together!
Evil Plan
Yes, Nova will team up with Lewis… for now. It’s never too late to drop the weak link, or that’s what she keeps telling herself…
Pair Programming
Nova can proudly close the first chapter of her career… as the ultimate overachiever! Will she be able to strike a good work-life balance now she'll have so much on her plate? And what will she spend all of that nice passive income on? It's up to you to decide!