Dress Up Time
Playing Dress Up doesn't get old, it just gets more fun! {0.SimFirstName} is ready to play!
Seductive Style
Wearing this costume is making {0.SimFirstName} feel a certain way! A certain flirty way!
The Clothing Makes the Sim
Dress for the job you want, as they say! Nothing like the right clothing for a boost in confidence!
Full of Confidence
Missed Opportunity
That could have been a great opportunity. Oh, well. Coulda, woulda, shoulda.
Mad Gamer Cred
Fans love a player who is in it for the game, not the money.
Lost Profits
Smuggling's a rough life. No good deed goes unpunished.
Lost Gamer Cred
Being seen as a sellout is a reputation killer.
Leaf on the Breeze
Such skill! Such finesse! Such piloting prowess!
Launch Successful
Sometimes success means taking a big risk and having it pay off.
Launch Canceled
Better safe than sorry. No sense risking others' lives.
Dreadful Display
Well, that wasn't quite the presentation one could hope to make....
Feeling the Love
It's worth it to keep the customers happy and feel their gratitude in return.
Backed by Management
It's good to know that management is supportive of hard decisions.
Investigative Pro
It feels great to tackle bigger stories and excel at writing them!
Investigative Failure
It's never fun to bite off more than one can chew.
Freedom Thwarted
Oh, the shame of planning to hack the corporation and failing utterly.
Freed Information
Information should be available to the public, and now it is!
Impressive Routine
Taking a swipe at a friend in a joke requires skill and grace.
Not My Fault!
Public resources shouldn't be used to subsidize wealthy celebs.
Risk / Reward
Sometimes, taking a big risk is worth the payoff. This is one of those times.
No Discoveries
Well, that was a waste of time. No discoveries, no glory--for anyone.
Expelled!
Nothing gets a Sim down like getting kicked out of High School
Heist Successful
The heist was successful! That's what you get with experience.
Needed More Help
It's always good to keep trying, but sometimes it really is time to ask for help.
Trusted Wrong Newbie
You chose poorly.
Heckled on Stage
Who knew a few cow puns would lead to this much humiliation?
Way Too Critical
That review was borne out of a keen eye, not a sense of jealousy....
Appropriately Harsh
What a great feeling of validation.
Not Sneaky Enough
Next time, may as well wear a bell.
Guard K.O.
That guard didn't know what hit him.
Close Call
That was far too close for comfort.
Good Instincts
Sometimes following your gut is the right thing to do.
Glorzak Bust
If law and order is what the galaxy needs, law and order is what it'll get.
Frostbit Fingers
Terrible Session
Well... that could've gone better. After all the confusion and yelling, {0.SimFirstName} is just glad it's over.
Shared Vision
It's not always easy to agree with someone you just met, but sometime things just click. This project has great potential!
Rude Client
Some people just don't know how to communicate! Spirits are not high for this one.
Overclocked PC, Overclocked Mind
When the computer is working at it's maximum potential, the body follows. With this intense efficiency, it's like the machine has become an extension of {0.SimFirstName}.
Instructions Unclear
The client's design document wasn't super helpful. The number of edge cases alone that {0.SimFirstName} needs to consider are nightmarish! Oh well, {M0.he'll}{F0.she'll} just have to take {M0.his}{F0.her} best crack at it...
Great Session
Terrific client. Amazing ideas. Excellent execution. What else could a Sim ask for?
Clear Goals
Well-written documentation is always appreciated. {0.SimFirstName} doesn't have to worry about any misunderstandings.
Unruly Class
The students were out of control! Someone needs to feed them palettes, RGB values... something!
Some students don't need to be taught, only shown the way.
Stellar Students
Posted Embarrassing Pics
The best thing about the Internet? It never forgets.
Stupid Encryption
Hard to prove great hacking skills when one can't even hack a forum.
Fortunate Outcome
This worked out to be a win-win all around!
Discovered Formula
Discovering the formula at work was a big boost to the day.
Fired?!
Ambitious Sims feel absolutely devastated about such a huge career setback.
Fired!
Nothing gets a Sim down like losing a job.
What does it take to scare a hipster these days?
Back to Business