While it's nice to have fans, this job is about creativity and hard work, not being a celebrity.
Chewed Out by Fan
This job can be stressful enough without rude distractions.
Fan Backlash
Experimental Failure
Well, that was a rotten discovery and a nasty hit to the reputation.
Experimental Success
It's a great feeling when taking a chance pays off.
Juicy Business
Tasting that exotic brew brought a wave of inspiration!
Excellent Xxulyps
Not only does being a good officer inspire trust, but sometimes it comes with a tasty snack.
Exam Failed
This is why time management is a must. What a terrible feeling! 
Self-Inspired
It's not easy to inspire oneself, but someone's managed to do it!
Empty Handed
That was a whole lot of hassle--for absolutely nothing.
Overworked Painting
Too much paint can obscure the painting. What a mess!
Turned Painting Around
With a little creativity and a lot of luck, a failure can become a work of genius.
Misunderstood Edge
Having one's art misunderstood is infuriating.
Thought-Provoking Edge
The art work provided is a huge success, so much that it increases sales!
If it weren't illegal, this perfect moment should be captured on film.
Drew a Blank
What an awful time for temporary amnesia.
Double Arrest
A double collar is double-plus good!
Recent Work Donated
It's not only a nice feeling to be generous, but a boost to the ego.
Early Work Dismissed
Maybe work from the early days should remain in storage. Cold storage.
Not sure what's worse--the pain of losing or the bruised ego.
Sign Transferred
The best way to handle bullies is to outsmart them.
Seat Taken
Painting Restored
It's such a relief that the painting could be saved.
Grogginess isn't the best feeling right before a big test.
Overslept
The timing of that sugar and caffeine infusion was perfect.
Ongoing Sugar Rush
Manuscript Spoilers
Apparently no good deed goes unpunished.
Dropped Weak Link
No point in keeping unhelpful folks around.
Culprit Caught
At least now the harassment will stop.
Too much caffeine doesn't do much for information retention, it seems.
Cola Rush
Cheesy Speech
At least there wasn't a hook.
Charitable Action
Giving really can be its own reward.
No one can study all the time! Sometimes a break is needed.
Study Break
Shared Biscuits
Mmmm. Biscuits! 
Lost Some Fans
Fans want to hear music, not advice on how to act in a Club.
More Art, Fewer Chores
This residency is about creating art, not playing in the dirt.
This should have just been a period of relaxation. Oh, well. Back to the grind.
Information Overload
Something about the nice weather made studying more enjoyable and effective!
Future Focused
Future Blackmail
One never knows when it'll be time to call in an old favor.
Electronic Future
Beep boop buzz. It's the future!
Dealing with Pain
They do say art is pain. So, a sore thumb must come with the territory.
Caught with a Bib
Well, that's a bit embarrassing.
Unified Team
It feels good to be able to coordinate and get through a player--and a loudmouth--short.
Reevaluating Key Underlings
Painter's Eye
It's like perfect pitch for painters.
Office Downtime
Sometimes some rest is all one needs to feel up to the task at hand.
No One's Working
It wouldn't do to leave a suspect cuffed to a railing overnight, would it?
Why are life lessons never pleasant?
Life Lesson
Even the most hardened criminal respects an animal lover.
What does it mean when a squad is taken down by a little kid?
Disastrous Match
Another's Embarrassment
How unfortunate. Embarrassment isn't fun for anyone.
Abstract Memory
Definitely not realistic, but maybe a new artistic movement. A bad one.
Wet Pants
Oops.  This isn't how this day was supposed to go.
Silver-Tongued Slacker
The best revenge is stealing the whole competition.
Roasted A Hack