Understated double door with transom to provide a modicum of gravitas.
The Action-item
Who needs a house when you can have an office building? Our premier brand is guaranteed to make any cozy place feel just like that awful desk-job you've had forever!
Simoleon Origami Llama
Purple Origami Llama
Blue Origami Llama
Green Origami Llama
Yellow Origami Llama
Red Origami Llama
Black Origami Llama
White Origami Llama
Uh huh! Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh! Look at this origami llama and its bad self! Quite groovily crafted.
Simoleon Origami Googly Jellyfish
Purple Origami Googly Jellyfish
Blue Origami Googly Jellyfish
Green Origami Googly Jellyfish
Yellow Origami Googly Jellyfish
Red Origami Googly Jellyfish
Black Origami Googly Jellyfish
White Origami Googly Jellyfish
This jellyfish is, in fact, not made out of jelly. It is made of paper. And googly eyes.
Simoleon Origami Frog
Purple Origami Frog
Blue Origami Frog
Green Origami Frog
Yellow Origami Frog
Red Origami Frog
Black Origami Frog
White Origami Frog
Hop, hop, hop! This little paper frog is off to find some paper flies!
Confusing Origami Mishap
This was supposed to be... Well, if you squint your eyes, you can sort of tell it was going to be... Yeah, this origami didn't turn out how it was supposed to be.
Simoleon Origami Crane
Purple Origami Crane
Blue Origami Crane
Green Origami Crane
Yellow Origami Crane
Red Origami Crane
Black Origami Crane
White Origami Crane
A traditional Origami Crane, which often symbolizes peace.
Simoleon Origami Butterfly
Purple Origami Butterfly
Blue Origami Butterfly
Green Origami Butterfly
Yellow Origami Butterfly
Red Origami Butterfly
Black Origami Butterfly
White Origami Butterfly
As a butterfly emerges from a cocoon, so too does an Origami Butterfly from the paper from which it was folded.
craftBottleGENMacaroni_01
craftBottleGENGlitter_01
Flower Arrangement (in progress)
Flower Arrangement (in progress)
Cowplant
This galactic marvel makes an excellent source of food, cuddles, and lifelong friendship. Become the envy of the neighborhood! Just remember to feed it.
Simly Park Shaker Counters
The latest in dream home kitchen design from Simly Park delivers a classic shaker style and flawless quartz countertops. Clean lines and plenty of storage space make these counters a set any family friend will be jealous of!
Unlocked at level 2 of the Culinary career.
Unlock by reaching level 2 of the Culinary career.
For those who like to work hard, play hard, and cook hard. This counter is for sharp knives and cutting-edge food for those who deserve it.
Corporate Chic Countertop
VAULT Modular Counter
Brushed metal and grating doll up the framing and drawers of these modular cabinets with a durable butcher block top.
BlandCo Contemporary Counter
A modern kitchen cabinet constructed from the finest veneered particleboard, topped with the finest laminate money can buy.
S. Cargeaux Counter
A counter so elegant, so wildly upscale, it makes even a meal of humble hot dogs and canned soup taste almost inspired. 
Tall Order Vintage Counter
When you prepare meals on this shining, sanitary countertop, your family will know just how hard you work for them. Earn their love and respect.  
The Harbinger Counter
Come. Set down your things. Shhh! Put them away. Unburden yourself. Trust that what you’ve been carrying will be held. The Harbinger is not just an extension of a kitchen counter. It’s an extension of the human condition. 
Unlocked at level 5 of the Culinary career.
Unlock by reaching level 5 of the Culinary career.
Corporate Chic Counter Island
Addicted to your job? Can’t leave work at the office? Furnish your kitchen with stuff that looks like it belongs in the workplace! 
VAULT Modular Island
Blessed with the same good looks as its namesake, this island provides extra prep space as well as space for dining in a pinch.
BlandCo Contemporary Counter Island
Save money and hassle! Handle-free doors can help prevent food theft by dumb robbers and/or hungry teenagers. *Results may vary. 
S. Cargeaux Counter Island
Classy folks know that fancy décor is all about patterns. This elegant tile design says, “I only serve my casseroles on fine brand-name paper plates.” 
Tall Order Vintage Counter Island
Yessirree, that’s one fine piece of craftsmanship right there. 90-degree angles, flat surfaces, and everything. They just don’t make ‘em like this anymore! 
The Harbinger Island
Nothing exists in isolation, but only in relationship to everything. Is this a shelf? A cabinet? A counter? Can it not be a shelf-net-er? At Reclamation Homeware, we believe in unity and releasing the concept of “the other.” (Keep an eye out for our fall collection’s new fridge-ster-wave.)
Simly Park Shaker Island Counters
The latest in dream home kitchen design from Simly Park delivers a classic shaker style and flawless quartz countertops. Clean lines and plenty of storage space make these island counters a set any family friend will be jealous of!
Decorative Corbel
Corbels support the weight of ceilings and roofs; there's no reason that they can't be pretty, too.
Scrollwork Corbel
Weight-bearing architecture at its most stylish.
cooler_bm
cooler_bm
computerRegister_bm
computerRegister_bm
Unlocked at level 2 of the Writer career.
Unlock by reaching level 2 of the Writer career.
Milton Word Processor
Some novelists scratched their masterpieces onto parchment by quill, illuminated by flickering candlelight. But if your handwriting’s bad, this vintage computer will do. 