shelfWall1x1GEN_01
shelfWall1x1GEN_01
Starter Vegetables
A basic packet of garden vegetables.
Starter Herbs
A basic packet of garden herbs.
Starter Fruits
A basic packet of garden fruit.
Starter Flowers
A basic packet of garden flowers.
Unlocked at Level 7 of the Gardening Skill
Unlock by reaching Level 7 of the Gardening Skill
Uncommon Plants
Bored of Common plants, well now you can purchase Uncommon Seeds at the push of a button.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Gardening Skill
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Gardening Skill
Farmer Veggies and Herbs
A deluxe package of vegetables and herbs.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Gardening Skill
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Gardening Skill
Farmer Flowers and Fruit
A deluxe package of garden flowers and fruit.
Starter Growfruit
A basic packet of growfruit seeds.
Unlocked at Level 10 of the Gardening Skill
Unlock by reaching Level 10 of the Gardening Skill
Rare Plants
Now that you are a top gardener, you can get rare plant seed from purchasing this seed packet.
Tabletop Plant Pot Herbs
A packet of herbs for Tabletop Plant Pots.
Tabletop Plant Pot Fruits
A packet of fruits for Tabletop Plant Pots.
Tabletop Plant Pot Flowers
A packet of flowers for Tabletop Plant Pots.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Wall-Mounted Magnetic Knife Rack
Save counter space and show off your sharp things, too. This wall-mounted magnetic cutlery rack is the perfect practical display item.
Paper Towel Roll
Be prepared for slips, spills, and judging neighbors, with a roll of towels at the ready!
Stream Me Up Party Decorations
Remember that funny old gag where you cover someone’s yard with toilet paper? These streamers are so much better! Not only does each alluring strip hang from a decorative ball, you get black AND white, both together, in one cool pack!
Anti-Balloon Balloons
Protect endangered gases with festive rubber-alternative, helium-free Anti-Balloon Balloons. Better than regular balloons, these beauties stay up all night long-inspiring you and your guests to stay up late too!
Coat of Arms With Shield and Swords
One's home is one's castle, and no castle is complete without a coat of arms hanging on the wall.
Bearly Gnome
The Bearly Gnome's natural environment is outdoors, so he'll enjoy being placed on the front lawn to greet (or annoy) the neighbors.
Super Chill Pillow
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Forever Friends Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nFor those who take lounging very seriously.
Undersea Phone
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Deck the Palms Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nKeep everyone connected with an iconic telephone to gather friends together for some F.U.N. just like SpongeBob!
Don’t Fear the Reagnomper
Once known as Steve, the Reagnomper, has taken it upon himself to wander the land, searching for the unwanted, the broken, and the discarded gnomes of the lawn’verse. Those he finds he takes back to his home, where he grinds them up, allowing them to find a new recycled existence as a toilet, shower, or potting soil.
Retro-Deco Table Phone
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nRemember tangled chords, rotary dials, and tapping the receiver for a dial tone? The Retro-Deco Table Phone aims to bring you right back to that ancient era of pre-digital communications.\n\nExperience the memories of when busy signals were an everyday occurrence, the answering machine was still just a twinkle in the eye of a would be inventor, and call waiting meant waiting for your sibling to get off the phone so you could make a call.
Casual Comfort Pillow
You can never have too many pillows... or ice cream flavors. But at least the pillows won't melt.
&quot;Deal with it Later&quot; Box
Does it &lt;i&gt;really&lt;/i&gt; count as clutter if it's in a box? You'll just have to deal with some things when you have a moment, and at least it's all together...right?
Taking care of a newborn means that you're going to have to give up having everything in its place. There's just some things you'll use faster than you can declutter.
Baby Care Clutter
Newborn Gift Basket
How exciting—Baby's first gift! This basket is full of adorable treasures that they can enjoy...looking at...between their naps, feedings, and diaper changes.
Important Things for Your Baby
A new parent running around isn't anything new. This bin will help keep your sanity as you care for your baby—as long as it's somewhere helpful.
Stack of BlandCo Diapers
When you were preparing for the new addition to the family, you have may wondered: &quot;Who needs this many diapers?&quot; You. &lt;i&gt;You&lt;/i&gt; need this many diapers. Probably even more diapers than you bought.
Stack o' Baskets
Everything about these baskets scream &quot;stackable&quot; so might as well stack them!
Moisturization Station by Wicker-Work
Being as soft as a baby's bottom takes a lot of work. The Moisturization Station is here to provide everything you need to get to optimal moisture.
BlandCo Baby Wipes
Nothing's better than feeling fresh and clean. BlandCo's baby wipes offer the cleanest clean, and will leave your baby smelling even better than before!
The Child Statue
Officially known as “The Child” but affectionately referred to as “Baby Yoda,” this statue is a lovable replica inspired by the Disney+ live action series The Mandalorian.
Wealth of the Moon Envelopes
&lt;i&gt;These decorations were granted for the New Lunar Year of the Pig, starting in February 2019.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nChildren running off to open these envelopes filled with happiness, luck, and wealth is a humorous and joyful sight, but as an adult, take a moment to appreciate the giver’s well wishes for you and your future year. Only then, enjoy the gift, especially if the contents inside are of a Six Spirit Bag, with wind, fire, all that kind of thing.
Fiery Moon Gift Centerpiece
&lt;i&gt;This decoration was granted for the New Lunar Year of the Pig, starting in February 2019.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nA new year brings the promise of new beginnings and wishes of good luck and fortune. Such hope is contained in these boxes with citrus (oranges, kumquats, and tangerines) and Simoleons inside red envelopes.
Bare Essentials Gnome
Stripped of all modern trappings and shorn of any responsibility, the Bare Essentials Gnome is a titillating effigy of the squat Sim form at its most diminutive state. Encased in a grid of decent propriety and ensconced in one’s shame, this gnome enters your home as one enters the world - naked. 
Mr. Floppy the Gnome
Hailing originally from the Cave of Caerbannog, there is more to this gnome than meets the eye. Succumb to its cuteness, stare into its childlike innocent eyes that can look into your soul... and potentially own it!
Guardian of the Gnomelaxy
Not to be mistaken for an inhabitant of R'lyeh. This gnome has traveled far and wide to live in peace amongst the other gnomes in your garden. He will try to fit in, to make friends, guard your lot from evil... or rise up and rule over all Sims ensuing chaos and cast aside all concepts of normalcy.
Catrina Doll
“My mother never allowed herself to be photographed. Though I recall, she looked quite a lot like, the Catrina doll.” - Bonehilda
Corp. McCracken, aka “The Shrouded Oracle”
Some say he’s just a nutcracker, others know him as the war hero, Corporal McCracken. But a rare few know his true identity, “The Shrouded Oracle,” ninja in waiting. Standing patiently, ever vigilant, until ‘the day’ arrives. So, go ahead, and crack your nuts, but know the Shrouded Oracle waits. Hope he does not wait for you.
The “Lots of Love” Bear
Give your loved one a super soft stuffed bear to show them how much you care! He's a perfect gift for that special person on Valentine's Day, birthdays, anniversaries or any love-filled day of the year.
Happy Gnomiversary!
Cake? Check. Noise maker? Check. Party hat? Check. Llama’s not waking, bunnies freezing, roses budding, and splines reticulating? Check. Doesn’t take much more than that to get the party started! Happy fifteen!
Strictly Business Gnome
While other gnomes laze around your garden or relax poolside, the Strictly Business Gnome has no time for any of that nonsense. He's got places to go, calls to make, and meetings to attend.
Poolside Gnome
She may not help keep your pool clean, but gnomebody dresses up your poolside like this bathing beauty.
Wallu Woven Basket
Bring beauty into your home with a rich piece of West African heritage: a Wolof basket! Traditionally crafted by the Wolof people in Senegal, these baskets are known for their blends of colors and intricate patterns. Made with classic weaving techniques using natural materials and recycled plastic, they offer a meaningful way to support artisans and environmentally friendly practices. Enjoy the &quot;Wallu&quot; style—a timeless silhouette with varieties that fit seamlessly into any home.