The Schools of Magic
A Spellcaster is defined by what they learn and study. What kind of Spellcaster are you?
Alchemy
A student of the alchemical arts studies potions, elixirs, and tonics of all kinds. Who knows what power can be brewed up by a skilled Spellcaster?
Untamed Magic
An Untamed Spellcaster dedicates themselves to only the most powerful and uncontrollable spells. Magic is a force to be controlled!
Mischief Magic
A Mischief Spellcaster loves nothing more than tormenting others with magical pranks. Why take everything so seriously?
Practical Magic
A Practical Spellcaster studies all things helpful and useful. Life is much easier with a bit of magic!
Custom Venue
Thrift and Bubble Tea Store
Residential Rental
Backroom
Haunted House Residential
Tiny Home Residential
Community Lot
Community Market
University Housing
Onsen Bathhouse
Cemetery
High School
Recreation Center
Unlocked recipes for splicing.
Discovered bait to use when going fishing.
Can be caught without bait.
Caught by:
Ingredients:
Ingredients:
Enchanted by Nature
Fables
Enchanted Finds
Gardening
Innisgreen Discoveries
Cottage Living
Milk
Ugh, they gave me a theme song. Flight of the Fumble Bee.
Things really started to click today. After a practice like that I've got high hopes for the game this weekend.
Mud and grass stains will ruin most outfits, but I really pull this look off.
The team was completely in sync today. If we keep this up we will go all the way to State.
Three touchdowns today! I don't think anyone's questioning who the best receiver is on this team!
Someone needs to tell my teammates that this is PRACTICE! I'm not meant to come away with this many bumps.
There are not enough pads in the world for the kind of tackles I just took in football practice.
Now I have to be responsible for schoolwork AND contribute to an activity? There goes my couch time.
Activities beware! I'm gonna crush this or fumble my way through it. Either way I'm happy to be on the team!
Putting myself out there to try something new! The perks of an extra curricular are endless.
Instant access to a new social group! Why doesn't everyone join an afterschool activity?
Guess this makes me a joiner! I'm excited to make new friends and work some afterschool magic!
I just want everyone to know, I like the fruitcake. Please bring more.
Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down.
I, {0.SimFirstName}, fully believe the gnomes are alive and destined to be our leaders.
I, {0.SimName}, still sometimes wet the bed.
I can only pull this off so many times. Eventually all these prank vibes I'm putting out are going to come back on me.
I can't become a prank master if I just repeat old material! I need new ideas...fast!
Prom is THE night! I've been waiting for this my entire teen life. 
Just call me Jimmy Mocksburg, cause I'm gonna keep this prank train rolling for as long as I can!
I'm just in a silly goofy mood and a silly goofy mood means pranks.
Honestly, the most mortifying thing that can happen during a prank is getting caught.
Talk about a wave of guilt. If pranks are meant to be fun, why do they upset people?
About to go down in history as the ultimate Prank Master.
I really should have stopped to smell the roses more.
Smell ya later, friends!
The unequivocal sorrow! Taken from the land of the living only to live on as a cautionary tale...
This is definitely a win/lose situation...on one hand I was completely right. On the other hand, I am now dead.
Can we say iconic?! From the colors, to the fabric, to the patterns. Altogether it's a ten out of ten!
Hot Take: thrift shops stress me out. There are too many options and somehow I never find the good stuff.
The top I hid last week was gone! I knew I should have bought it when I had the chance.
Thrift shops are my happy place.
Look at all these statement pieces! This'll be such a look!
I've never been thrift shopping before. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to even look for.
The best gems in my closet are always second hand.
Fresh new fit and so thrilled with the look!
All this extra work is exhausting! The worst part is, I did this to myself... no one to blame but me.
Why is it that I can crush any goal I set for myself but I can't figure out friends? Being social can be so uncomfy.
I think I might have bit off more than I can chew...a little stress is motivating but too much and I'm drowning.
Whoever said you can't be good at everything clearly never met me.
I'm on my way to being the best of the best, nothing can stop me!
The rush of productivity! It's euphoric to take on the world!
Parties come and go so quickly. It's heartbreaking whenever they end, and the nightly silence takes over.
Some party memories don't seem as great in the light of day. What happens at parties should definitely stay there.
We're teens, partying is practically a rite of passage! If you can't let go and have some fun, what can you do?
Partying is my vibe. There's chaos! Freedom! Even just the energy in the room is exhilarating!
Parties are the best way to just let loose and enjoy life! They're my happy place.
In my hands, a pillow must be classified as a dangerous object. PILLOWWW FIGHTERRRRR!
No one prepares you for the stress of keeping up with trends while also being a trend setter.
Talk about a fashion don't! Not even Avant Garde could save a look so tragic.
Some would say its just a blue sweater, but I think we all know the difference between cerulean and cyan.
From catalogue to couture, it's always thrilling to see a fresh design hit the runway, or in my case, the hallway.
I could gush about clothes for hours but my true love lies with accessories.
Who wouldn't want to hang out and watch what I do?! My stream is the place to be.
This started as a small side gig, and I am proud of what it's blossomed into! My stream community is the best.
Content creation is my true passion! I'm hoping to use my platform to make friends and spread positivity.
Like and subscribe! Check me out over on stream whenever you get the chance!
I have all the go to recommendations and know all the hottest trends.
You ready for a review that'll knock your socks off?! I got all the info you need!
Pillow fights are supposed to be stress relief, so how come I feel so on edge?
I'm over the moon. Sooooo many people look to me to know what's hot right now.
What's a Batuu Bounty Hunter's favorite drink? Boba Tea
Nothing makes me bubblier than bubble tea!
They have cheese foam. I REPEAT. THEY HAVE CHEESE FOAM!