Grab a Plate of Dinner
Grab a Plate of Dessert
Eat Something
Grab a Drink
Grab a Cup of Coffee
Have a Drink
Debug Use Toilet
Debug Flush Toilet
Clean Something
Argue With Someone
Joke about Politicians
Perform Bar Tricks
Have Another Drink
{0.SimFirstName} is too bored to do this!
{0.SimFirstName} is bored of this!
Okay
Name Your New Song!
OK
Cancel
Make Drink
Scrap {0.String}
Resume {0.String}
{0.SimFirstName} does not have enough Simoleons.
Create Craftable…
There is no available stove.
This recipe requires a place to mix a beverage.
There is no available microwave.
There is no available grill.
There is no available fridge.
There is no available counter space.
Small Classic Painting
Classic Painting
Medium Classic Painting
Large Classic Painting
Party Size (8)
Family Size (4)
Sour Punch
Make Sour Punch
Sunset Valley
Make Sunset Valley
Sea Splash
Make Sea Splash
Wrench
Make Wrench
WooHoo!
WooHoo with 50 Unique Non-Player Sims.
Super Best Friends
Make 20 BFFs with Non-Player Sims.
Serial Monogamist
Perform Marriages in 20 Unique Households.
Rosebud
Gain 1,000,000 Simoleons in a single Household.
Mix 100 Drinks.
View User Agreement and Privacy &amp; Cookie Policy
User Agreement and Privacy &amp; Cookie Policy 
Purchased or other content used in this My Library item is not installed. If you place it now, you will not see the uninstalled content.
Purchased or other content used in this My Library item is still downloading. If you place it now, you will not see the downloading content.
Adjust the area to fit your TV using the arrow keys to adjust the height and width.
Your library is full! You won't be able to save additional items to the library until you delete items from your library.
Rename
&quot;This save was created with a newer version of the game, you will need to update to load this save.&quot;
Save files must be named. Please enter a name.
Enter Save Name
Previous Page
Previous Category
Next Page
Next Category
use The Sims 4 Gallery
Content Sharing Currently Disabled
The Gallery includes creations from other platforms.\nTo participate please open Settings, Select Privacy and Online Safety under the Accounts tab, select Xbox Live Privacy, select View details and Customize, select Game Content, and set upload community creations to Everyone. \nXbox Live does not monitor or enforce standards of conduct by players outside of the Xbox Live network. See the EA User Agreement and Privacy and Cookie Policy.
view some Gallery content
Cross-Platform Play Currently Disabled
The Gallery includes creations from other platforms.\nTo participate please open Settings, Select Privacy and Online Safety under the Accounts tab, select Xbox Live Privacy, select View details and Customize, select Communication and Multiplayer, and enable play with people outside of Xbox Live.\nXbox Live does not monitor or enforce standards of conduct by players outside of the Xbox Live network. See the EA User Agreement and Privacy and Cookie Policy.
User Data
Toggles the trail animation effect.
Trail Animation:
Login to your EA account to get access to online features.
Link EA Account
Inverts the first person camera vertical rotation controls.
Invert First Person Vertical Camera Rotation
Inverts the first person camera horizontal rotation controls.
Invert First Person Horizontal Camera Rotation
Reduces camera sway due to character movement
Disable First Person Head Bob
Change the speed of the First Person Camera.
First Person Camera Speed
Change the speed of the Cursor.
Cursor Speed
Change how quickly the cursor accelerates.
Cursor Acceleration
Enables an overlay showing the current controls mapped to controller buttons.
Show Controls Legend:
Toggle Controls overlay reminder.
Controls Overlay Reminder:
Change the speed of the Camera.
Camera Speed
EA Account is not linked.
New Content has been installed, but will not be available for use until the game is restarted. Would you like to restart now? All unsaved data will be lost.
Increase Amount
Expand/Collapse Active Group