For those who don’t need fussy, ostentatious window treatments, these panels prove that you’ve got nothing to prove.
Slimline Curtains
Long, lean, and featuring the latest advances in verticality, these column curtains make everyone in the room look taller and thinner, guaranteed! 
Caress Curtains (Full)
When you want to add a special touch, the Caress Curtains will fill your window in a most satisfying way. The Full model has just the right amount of material to provide a comfortable, well-rounded atmosphere to any room in the house.
Grand Window Hangings
Picture windows demand a wildly theatrical framing. These swags will make peeping neighbors think your every move is just terribly fascinating.  
Caress Curtains (Slender)
In the mood for a soft touch? The Caress Curtains will add a soft touch of color to any room. The Slender model focuses on long, lovely lines that look dazzling by sun or starlight. A nice fit for those tight spots in your home.
Blinds de Nuit
The cheque you’ll write is but a small price to pay for the lustre of  privacy you’ll enjoy, without the prying eyes of neighbors. 
Chartres Valance
Adorn the walls with only the finest in colour and comfort--this gossamer sheath will be the center of conversation for years on end. 
Sunny Shades - Right
Unnaturally Large Space Rock
This is an unnaturally large space rock. It is large enough to be an island. It can feel no pain. And it will never cry.
Common Space Rock
This adorable little space rock often thrives best luxuriating in the light of a distant star. Or desk lamp.
Uncommon Space Rock
The uncommon space rock. Often quiet, always misunderstood.
Large Space Rock
This larger than average space rock is prized for its stoic beauty in the face of calamity.
Cozy Autumnal Wreath
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Cozy Celebrations Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nNot quite ready to get into the full festive spirit? This wreath will give that autumn feeling, no matter the weather outside.
Cozy Freezer Bunny Wreath
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Cozy Celebrations Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nBring that sense of playfulness the holidays bring to your decorations by putting up this Freezer Bunny adorned wreath.
Cozy Floral Wreath
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Cozy Celebrations Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nLooking for something different while keeping it classy? This floral wreath not only looks good, but it also probably smells good too.
Cozy Festive Wreath
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Cozy Celebrations Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThere is a reason why things become classics, they just stand the test of time. Put this festive wreath up and it'll bring that feeling of holiday nostalgia to your home.
Touch Grass Weekly, Issue #4
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nIssue #4 of Touch Grass Weekly! Inside: Starlight Shores As You've Never Seen It Before
Touch Grass Weekly, Issue #3
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nIssue #3 of Touch Grass Weekly! Inside: Stunning Photos from Shang Simla
Touch Grass Weekly, Issue #2
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nIssue #2 of Touch Grass Weekly! Inside: The Beauty of Granite Falls
Touch Grass Weekly, Issue #1
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThe debut issue of Touch Grass Weekly! Inside: The Secrets of Mt. Komorebi
Twinbrook: Postcard
Thinking of you from Twinbrook, where style is invented!
Sunset Valley: Postcard
Admiring the skies of Sunset Valley, where it all began!
Sixam: Postcard
Greetings from Sixam!
Midnight Hollow: Postcard
Eerie Greetings from Midnight Hollow, a Uniquely Eccentric Town.
Lunar Lakes: Postcard
Come experience Lunar Lakes! A place like nowhere else!
Isla Paradiso: Postcard
Fun in the Sun &amp; Under the Sea! Relaxing at tropical Isla Paradiso!
Bridgeport: Postcard
Touring the bright lights of Bridgeport!
Appaloosa Plains:  Postcard
Horsing around with furry friends! Come Visit Appaloosa Plains!
Moonlight Falls: Postcard
Moonlight Falls, home of all things Magical &amp; Supernatural!
Dragon Valley: Postcard
Huzzah! Come tarry a while in Dragon Valley. Here be Dragons!
Champs Les Sims: Postcard
Bonjour! Enjoying fine juice and frog legs in Champs Les Sims! 
Barnacle Bay: Postcard
Ahoy! There be a fine breeze ‘n plenty ‘o plunder here in Barnacle Bay! 
Riverview: Postcard
Gone Fishin' in Riverview! Havin' a Reel Good Time!
Lucky Palms: Postcard
What Happens in Lucky Palms, Stays in Lucky Palms!
Littlehaven: Postcard
Having a lovely holiday in Littlehaven. Wish you were here!
Bunchapals Postcard Corkboard
Getting too many penpals? The Bunchapals Postcard Corkboard will help you manage that growing stack of thoughtful, scenic mementos. Now with free thumbtacks!
Magic PlantSim Stump
This stump will house the magic beans that have been collected from the PlantSims you've met. Place six unique magic beans into the stump nodules, add a little water, and see what happens!
Big Star
The comet is the prima donna of space. Look at it, trailing its beauty across the sky, taking up 75 percent of this entire painting. In fact, the artist was trying to capture a blank, night sky, and the comet totally photobombed that scene. What a diva!
T-Rex Nebula
It's silly for us as humans to project shapes we recognize onto the random, ever-changing patterns of the cosmos. That said, this nebula totally came together to resemble a T-Rex, right? (Not to be confused with T. Rex Nebula, star of children's sci-fi cartoons.)
End of Time
Oh, no! Someone just flushed the universe. Jiggle the handle! Jiggle the HANDLE!
Standard Space
Yup. Here's some space. Looking space-like. It's got the stars. And the dark, gassy looking stuff. And some more stars. Hang it on a wall, to give that wall a real spacey feel.  
Saturn Return
Hubba hubba! Check out this glamour shot portrait Saturn had done a few years back, when it went through a divorce and lost all that weight (who's the second largest planet NOW, Uranus?). The slight blue glow really brings out its rings. Rumor has it that it's dating again and has recently attracted a sixty-third moon.
Twinkle
Is it a rainbow? A cloud? Stars? You might want to sit down, because it's actually a rainbow-colored cloud filled with stars! If you do not enjoy the unbelievable union of magic things in this painting, well then, sorry there's a cold hunk of obsidian where your heart should be.
Rosie the Riveting
Gasses such as helium and hydrogen pool together with interstellar dust to create this riveting, rose-colored nebula. Why ARE gasses and dust so attractive way out there in space? Here on earth, this helium balloon covered in dirt—well, it's just not the same.
Animal's Planet
In the X57 region of the 1245P-Brock galaxy, there is a planet populated entirely by giant hamsters. Here, two monster-sized hamster balls glisten in the sun, awaiting the return of their fuzzy inhabitants, who are busy running on a Ferris wheel (not pictured).
Star Crossed Lovers
This fantasy painting captures the mythical union of a crystal rock formation with a sizzling comet. Theirs was a love affair that defied gravity, physics and, well, probably several other laws. No one thought it would last. In fact, it didn't. But at least it burned out, before it faded away.
Seeing Red
Mars is the red planet. The dirt is red. The air is red. Want to wear blue pants on Mars? Too bad! There are only RED pants on Mars. This painting shows the Mars sky, with its fiery red clouds. Beautiful to an Earthling. Martians, however, have coined the saying, &quot;Let's go out and paint the town green!&quot;
Out of This World Style
Like cars, rockets come in different models. The sleek sports rocket. The SUV soccer mom rocket. And this—a reproduction of an ad for the tricked out luxury sedan rocket. Its style is inversely proportional to its aerodynamic qualities. Get to the moon slower. And look good doing it!
I Dream of Plesiosaur
A cloud formation looks deceptively like a wandering plesiosaurus, set against a stunning early-evening vista. What might the cloud plesiosaur be searching for? The gentle stratus doesn't answer, but floats on, unaware of its inevitable demise.
Battle Stars
Since ancient times, we have scanned the night sky for signs of things to come. This star-spangled horizon contains countless constellations, each of which can be read for information about the future.  (The small U.F.O.s under the stars, for example, can be read as a sign of imminent attack.)
Surfacing
Just imagine this strange world as it would look viewed by an alien returning to its home planet. Oh the longing in that alien's five heart chambers, the tears in its 22 eyes. Back on the surface, it will no longer be “alien.” It will visit its neighborhood bar, where everyone knows its name: “XF2&amp;23%tY.”