Moon and Satellite
A satellite silently floats past the moon.
Yuki
Yuki likes to bite faces. Why? Is it a sign of aggression, or one of affection? We may never know. Her relationship with faces is as complex and mysterious as Yuki herself...
Violet
Dark and dramatic, Violet Nightshade nonetheless has a beautiful heart. She does her best to take care of her kid sister, Poppy, even if it usually gives her one of those headaches that sits right above her eye.
Trevor Verily
Trevor is a dramatic ac-tor… of WONDERS!! His stirring interpretations of classic works are the very essence of the theatre! One time he got stuck in an astronaut costume.
TOBOR
TOBOR has displayed a distinct lack of patience for human beings, or “fleshies,” but with a “dad” like the insane Dr. F can anyone really blame him? Might have a debilitating fear of kelp.
Poppy
Poppy is an adorable little ray of sunshine who love love LOVES flowers. She also loves her older sister, Violet, and is completely unaware that she is usually the source of her sister’s constant headaches.
Morcubus
Beyond time and space is a world of black fire. From the heart of this maelstrom of horrors was born the infernal Morcubus!! As president and CEO of MorcuCorp he advances his dark designs, and he also leads team-building workshops.
Lyndsay
With an insatiable thirst for adventure, Lyndsay always keeps one eye on the horizon. Her contagious energy often sees her friends swept up in her latest quest. May have had a thing for Buddy at some point??
Leaf
Leaf is a hardcore elvish rock star and he totally knows it. What many people don’t know is that he still carries a small piece of his baby blanket, which he calls “Blanky,” everywhere he goes. Blanky is Leaf’s oldest and truest friend.
Jenny
Jenny was a fan fiction pioneer! Sure, nowadays EVERYBODY gets a publishing deal or a movie based on their self-published stories, but Jenny’s “Starcruiser X” fanfic was the first!
Hopper
BOING! RIBBIT! Hopper is a young boy in a frog suit. How did this character get so popular? SPROING!!
Goth Boy
Meet Goth Boy! Nothing makes him feel warmer than wrapping himself in a cloak of emotional darkness. He loves writing bad poetry and hates his job at Turkey-on-a-Fork.\n Wait a second... is &quot;goth&quot; even still a thing??
Gonk
Gonk is a happy and hungry little cave-lad from the Uncharted Isle, which strangely can be found on most maps. His best friends are Bobaboo the dinosaur and a dissatisfied grad student named Sylvia, whom he calls “Girl.”
Chef Gino
Gino’s skills in a kitchen are matched only by his sense of melodrama. The tiniest thing goes wrong and he’s “ruined.” To date, Gino has been ruined 9,685 times.
Ol' Gabby
Gabby’s a cantankerous old grump who lives with his junkyard dog, Grit. He enjoys tinkering with things and getting into feuds with his longtime frenemy Barney. (Sorry there’s no Barney figurine.)
Elmira Clamp
Elmira is sour, strict, impatient, and fussy. Her favorite sound is absolute silence and her favorite hobby is toil. On the plus side, um… she’s pretty good at remembering names? That’s something, right?
Dr. F
Dr. F is the indomitable mad scientist with PhDs in robotology AND robotonomy. There are many, many conflicting reports as to what the “F” actually stands for. He invented TOBOR.
Chaz McFreely
Chaz McFreely is the world’s greatest extreme sports athlete, according to Chaz McFreely. In his mind there are only two kinds of people: Chaz Fans and Chumps. Which are you?
Zombie Carl
Poor Carl. Things have only gotten worse for him since he died. He spends a lot of his time wondering what he’s actually accomplished and basically having an afterlife-crisis.
DJ Candy
DJ Candy is like a living, breathing dance party that never stops. With her roadies and #1 fans, Zach and Sapphire, she travels the world bringing the party to those who need it most.
Buddy
There is no better sidekick than your ol’ pal, Buddy. Supportive, optimistic, and fiercely loyal, he’ll stick by your side through any adventure. Last seen moonlighting as a special agent.
Emit Relevart, Bow-Tied and Blue-Haired
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nKnown to pop in every now and then. Does not need roads. Answers to “Doctor” but doesn’t have a medical license.
Some Sneaky Sim, Not a Raccoon
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nLast seen leaving the scene with a small sack of large furniture.
Skip Broke, Prolific Father
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nBlonde hair, blue eyes, kind of a neatnik. Last seen near the pool. His wife anxiously awaits his return but has offered no reward.
Ginny, former Pirate and Sheriff
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nLast seen plundering...rustling cattle...writing tickets...extinguishing fires... Most likely to be found sailing the solar winds of space.
Pit Beast, Dweller in the Dark
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nPit of Judgement desperately seeking return of beloved tentacled beast known colloquially as Pit Beast, also answers to Steven.
Bella Goth, Starry-Eyed Stargazer
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nMISSING?! What do you mean Bella is missing? Isn't she here? In her red dress? ...Where did this carton even come from? Is this a warning?
Socialite
Socialite is a precious metal that is highly sought after to make attractive and extremely valuable jewelry. 
Pyrite
Pyrite has a metallic sheen and brassy-yellow color, but you’d have to be a fool to mistake this for real gold!
Punium
Punium is a metal just like any other, but it is habitually overlooked and no one takes it seriously. Perhaps because of its name?
Phozonite
Phozonite is a yellow-tinted metal that has good electrical and thermal conductivity, but is famous for its unique atom arrangements.
Obtainium
Obtainium is pale white in color and is also one of the most abundant metals so it is relatively easy to obtain.
Literalite
Literalite is a hard-to-find purple metal that little is known about, and currently its properties are taken at face value.
Flamingonium
Flamingonium is a startling shade of pink and is the go-to metal for creating shiny lawn ornaments.
Death Metal
Death Metal is remarkably resistant to corrosion and is speculated to be the material used in the Grim Reaper’s scythe.
Baconite
Baconite is a soft, red colored metal that oddly has a faint smell of juicy, delicious cured pork.
Alcron
Alcron is a highly abundant silvery, ductile metal which means it doesn’t crack or break under stress as easily!
Utranium
Utranium is a metal with a low melting point that was once used as a pigment to dye almost everything purple!
Simtanium
Simtanium has a shiny, reflective green appearance and is highly conductive so it is used in the production of computer parts like circuit boards.
Sadnum
Sadnum is a soft, malleable metal that is typically found in a blue state and is as rare as a unicorn’s tear. 
Romantium
Romantium is a blush-colored metal that is highly reactive chemically; you might even consider it one of the most amorous metals.
Plathinum
Plathinum is a common transition metal that has a variety of uses since it doesn’t react to most chemicals.
Ozinold
Ozinold is a dense, heavy metal accidentally discovered by Harold Ozinold and subsequently named after him due to their similar characteristics.
Ironyum
Ironyum is a metal not many understand as it often reacts in the opposite manner of what you would expect.
Heavy Metal
Heavy Metal like brass is the metal of choice for musical instruments because of its malleability and acoustic properties.
Furium
Furium is highly reactive and flammable compared to other metals. It is prone to outbursts and tarnishes easily.
Crytunium
Crytunium is highly brittle; making it frustratingly hard to work with as it breaks apart easily and is not commonly found.
Socialite Display
This collectible display comes complete with a plaque, some wood, and a hefty pile of socialite. Show off your collecting prowess proudly and let everyone know that you don't just collect some things, you collect all of them.
Pyrite Basic Display
This collectible display comes complete with a plaque, some wood, and a hefty pile of pyrite. Show off your collecting prowess proudly and let everyone know that you don't just collect some things, you collect all of them.
No Puns on Punium Display
This collectible display comes complete with a plaque, some wood, and a hefty pile of punium. Show off your collecting prowess proudly and let everyone know that you don't just collect some things, you collect all of them.