Shinolite
Shinolite is the shiniest stone of them all! Be careful looking at it as you might just get hypnotized by its gleaming silver beauty.
Ruby
Sought after for their brilliant red hues, rubies represent the passion of love. Decorating your slippers with them do not allow you to teleport. 
Rose
Named for its pale pink color, Rose quartz is the stone of unconditional love and exudes a soothing sense of tranquility. 
Quartz
Quartz was once believed to be ice crystals that would never melt, but now we know it’s made of silicon–oxygen tetrahedra. Duh.
Plumbite
While Plumbites are found in varying shades from red to yellow to green, it’s most popular hue is a deep, bright green. 
Jet
Because of its somber coloring Jet is commonly used in mourning jewelry, but it isn’t commonly known that Jet is actually fossilized wood!
Fire Opal
These uncommon opals are generally found in volcanic rock formations and are prized for their shifting warm, fiery colors.
Citrine
Like delicious citrus fruits, Citrine colors range from pale yellow to golden. Perhaps that color is why it’s thought to bring success and prosperity! 
Alabaster
Alabaster is a milky white stone that is soft and smooth to the touch. 
Unlocked at level 3 of the Culinary career or level 2 of the Tech Guru career, or at Gold level of the Dinner Party.
Unlock by reaching level 3 of the Culinary career or level 2 of the Tech Guru career, or by completing a Dinner Party at Gold level.
Stainless Steel Auto-Pot
Sleek, smooth, and impeccably crafted, this heat-regulating coffeepot has enough processing power to put a high-end computer to shame! For cuisiniers and techies alike.
The Caffeininator
Caffeine: a popular pick-me-up in the fields of technology and law enforcement, this wonderful substance can be brewed in your own kitchen thanks to the Caffeininator! Delivered via a hot brown liquid, it's sure to give you the pep you crave! Get Caffeininated!
Joe Jockey
Are you someone who really, really loves coffee? Well, you might want to consider buying the Joe Jockey anyway. It has a feature that squirts hot water over coffee grounds, producing a lightly browned liquid. Is it fancy? No. Does it get the job done? Let’s say “Sure.”
Café Immodéré
This is a premium brew-station for connoisseurs who understand that coffee is a LIFESTYLE, not some bitter swill that only serves as a dunking place for one’s donuts.  Our machine brews fine coffee, for fine men and women. Fine pastries can be enjoyed with, but never IN, our coffee. Enjoy an Immodéré life!
The Schmapple Coffee
Coffee makers come with a variety of different functions and abilities. It can be hard to choose the best one. Ours come in a variety of pretty colors. Looks like your choice just got a lot easier. Introducing: The Schmapple Coffee. It’s Coffee, to the Power of You.
coffeeBagGEN_01
coffeeBagGEN_01
clueTable_bm
clueTable_bm
clueFloor_bm
clueFloor_bm
clueEvidence_bm
clueEvidence_bm
cloningMachineFail_bm
cloningMachineFail_bm
cloningMachine_bm
cloningMachine_bm
Dodecagon Contemporary Clock
Did you know that a 12-sided polygon is called a dodecagon? Now you do. Makes sense for a clock with no numbers, don’t you think?
Kindermade Clock
Hey, parents! Here’s a cool way to teach your kids how to tell time even when your tablet’s battery is dead! Tiny mechanical “hands” slowly rotate around the clock, pointing to the numbers representing the current time. Funducational!
Industrial Wall Clock
This industrial steel wall clock looks virtually indestructible, and it is if it doesn’t fall off your exposed brick wall, onto whatever industrial-grade flooring you probably have to go with it. So hang it well, k?
Remembrance Clock
Handiness Vol 3: Upgrading the Soul
By: Sparky &quot;Three Fingers&quot; \n\nCould the right upgrade ever make a home appliance come to life? Could it learn to love? Sometimes I get lonely.
Handiness Vol 2: Sparks are Nature's Kisses 
By: Sparky &quot;Three Fingers&quot; \n\nLearn to wield the power of electricity and craft wooden versions of things that really have no business being made of wood!
Handiness Vol 1: Try Not to Die!
By: Sparky &quot;Three Fingers&quot; \n\nWhy pay &quot;experts&quot; to fix your broken appliances? Why buy furniture made by &quot;professionals&quot;? You got this.
Guitar Vol 2: The Classical Sauce
By: Slim Pickens \n\nThe secret to a great guitar player is having a strong understanding of classical guitar techniques. That, and having a really awesome guitar.
Guitar Vol 1: Intro to Rocking
By: Slim Pickens \n\nDo you have what it takes to rock so hard it actually removes your audience's socks?
Guitar Vol 3: Furious Finger Techniques
By: Slim Pickens \n\nWhile there are some advanced picking techniques covered in this book, the majority focuses on treating your crazy shredding-induced, third-degree finger burns.
Gourmet Cooking Vol 2: Presentation is King
By: Martha Brown \n\nPresentation is king, and aroma is queen. Texture is a rook and color palette is a bishop. Oh, and taste is like, a knight maybe?
Gourmet Cooking Vol 1: Make Food Fancy
By: Martha Brown \n\nAn introductory look into food garnishing and the aesthetics of drastically reducing your portion size.
Gourmet Cooking Vol 3: Can You Eat That?
By: Chef Morimochi \n\nLearn to redefine your definition of &quot;food&quot; and fully embrace the gourmet!
Gardening Vol 2: Getting Your Thumbs Green
By: Wacky Daniel \n\nGardening is important. It can save your life. Never trust a Sim who ignores a plant's advice.
Gardening Vol 1: Water, Light and Dirt
By: Wacky Daniel \n\nLearn to plant stuff! Why? BECAUSE I'M WAAAAAAACKYY!
Gardening Vol 3: Strange and Forbidden Plant Genetics
By: Dr. T. Cress \n\nLearn to use your knowledge of botany and phytotomy to create an army of twisted hybrid superplants! Or apples that taste like peaches. Really either is fine.
Sonata a la Grit
By: Veronica Hunkers \n\nAn intense piece that keeps much of the contact near the frog of the bow. Ribbit!
Ode to Stimulating Vibrato
By: Larry Von Cookiecrumbs \n\nA smooth piece that encourages the player to experiment with vibrato speed in order to convey the right emotion. Only a true violinist can master this piece.
Piano Bars and You:  How to Hold a Note Without a Paper Bag
By: Slim and Karen Bulger \n\nThe famous songbirds show you how to impress your friends at karaoke or at least stop making their heads hurt.
Allegro a la Pernambuco!
By: Aldo Baccarin \n\nThis upbeat piece comes from Brazil, much like the wood used to make violin bows.
The Little Train that Couldn’t
By: Batty Typer \n\n&quot;I think I can't&quot; is the motto of this children’s story that will help prepare your child for a life of obstacles, disappointment, and ultimately, failure. A somber reminder that there are only winners because there are losers.
Seven Course Death
By: Helmuth Von Gluck\n\nA rainy night. An old mansion. A dinner party for the toast of Hergstrom's upper crust. It was meant to be a night of good food, drinks, and parlor games. But when certain secrets are revealed the party must contend with an uninvited guest--MURDER!
The Collegno and Ricochet Rondo
By: Alberto Peperoncini \n\nWho knew the violin could make such music? This piece uses advanced bowing techniques and really grabs the interest of the audience!
Reel Her In
By: Hank Billabong \n\nThis multifaceted book gives the ultimate advice for chauvinist fishermen looking to reel in women and fish; both just require the right bait and they fall at your feet! Amazing!
Twelve or so Swatches of WooHoo
By: Mary Sue Arthur \n\nLove! Passion! Unconventional uses for household objects!  Are you prepared for the lewd, saucy, tawdry, bawdy,  and licentious things a first time author and her trusty thesaurus can make up? If so, read on!
Polka Dot Rumble
By: Agatha Arlington \n\n1950s housewives face off in this intense back stabbing, passive-aggressive drama. Gossip abounds, and claws come out, but always with a polka dot apron and a smile.
Untamed Treachery of the Heart
By: Leslie Nighttime \n\nWhile parts of this saucy novel contain examples of your more typical treachery, the vast majority of this treachery is completely untamed!
Fitness Vol 2: Be World's Strongest
By: Python Pudziakowski \n\nNo, Python is world's strongest. Maybe after reading this though, you can be second strongest.
Fitness Vol 1: Put Down the Milkshake
By: Ori Warrior \n\nMaybe it's about time you took an interest in your physical fitness? Maybe you don't need to finish that 3rd milkshake?
Fitness Vol 3: Pressing Steel