Doctor Career
Head to the hospital and spend your Sim's days saving lives. Sims in the doctor career start off as Medical Interns but with a little hard work, they can become seasoned surgeons!
Detective Career
Your Sim can join the ranks of Willow Creek's finest as a detective! Follow your Sim as they patrol the streets, investigate crime scenes, and solve cases at the police station. 
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Incheon Arrivals Kit
Let It Flow
Structured oversize pieces combine with flowy materials for a study in contrasts. Find comfort in baggy silhouettes and understated details like a high waist and half-tucked shirts.
Mix and Match
Dress for any occasion with both semi-formal and casual pieces. Blazers, coats, jackets, and cardigans pair neatly with loose-fitting skirts, sweatpants, slacks, and pants, topped off with sneakers or heeled boots.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Dream Home Decorator
The Big Reveal!
Hopefully, your work inspires happy crying instead of tears of disappointment. Unveil the results to see how your clients react to their personalized home makeover!
Renovate, Redecorate, Remodel
Whether it’s revamping a single room, redoing an entire lot, or refurbishing a commercial space, your goal is to make your clients happy. You’re in charge of all the details.
Know Your Clients
It’s not just about a Client’s needs, but also their Preferences and their budget. Find out what your Client's Likes and Dislikes and keep those in mind while coming up with designs to get a glowing recommendation.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Desert Luxe Kit
Fun and Function
Arrange a bar, loveseat, fireplace, and more to look like functional architectural elements built into your space and create the perfect venue for your Sim’s next big party or intimate dinner.
Decidedly Neutral
This collection features neutral colors inspired by the natural landscape of the Southwestern desert and materials like stone and wood. The overall look is luxurious and understated – ideal for building a relaxing oasis in your Sims’ home or on their patio.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Eco Lifestyle
Upcycled Decor
Need to outfit a starter house on a budget? Do it basically for free by fishing out a few pre-used items like a worn-out mattress you can fix or a lightly singed oven you can shine up.
Change the World
Every decision you make—what power sources you rely on, how you design your home, and which Neighborhood Action Plans you vote for—influences the state of the world, from smoggy skies to crystal-clear water.
Collaborative Community
Engage with your neighborhood through the new voting board, which features different Neighborhood Action Plans each week. Everyone in the community has a voice. Your vote matters!
Sustainable Living
Reduce, reuse, and recycle! Not only is it good for the environment, but it saves you Simoleons, too.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Bowling Night Stuff
Striking New Fashion
Outfit your Sims in retro bowling shirts and shoes or give them a rockin’ new look with rockabilly-inspired clothing and hairstyles.
Take Your Sims Bowling
To joke or to prank? That is the question. Choose your side at the Humor and Hijinks festival!
Miss your friends? Give access to your place to close friends and family with a key and they’ll be sure to pay you a surprise visit.
Quickly find residential and commercial lot required objects by selecting the objects in the requirement panel.
Copy rooms, roof shapes, or stairs sizes by selecting them and using the copy tool.
Things keep breaking at your place? Magical Gnomes will fix them with the Gnomes Lot Trait!
Schmooze with your Landlord often; who knows when you’ll need him/her to fix a thing or two…
Food Stalls are a great way to discover new foods and unlock their recipes.
Are you the ultimate geek? Test your programming and video game skills at GeekCon!
How hot is too hot? Try out the Curry Challenge at the Spice Festival.
Waterfalls generally contain rare types of fish.
Telling Ghost Stories at night could attract strange, un-dead sims.
Fish can make great food, decorations, or even earn lots of Simoleons.
The tent isn’t just a place to sleep – relax, tell stories, or read The Wilderness Digest.
Reading a camping magazine can be both relaxing and informational. Select Read Wilderness Digest on the Tent.
The Burglar was too tough to fight off? Elevate your fitness to show them who's boss!
Confronted the Burglar and they just don't care? Call the Police, they'll soon be there!
A Burglar sneaks with quiet grace, till the alarm shouts &quot;Not your place!&quot;
Leeb, Leefuh, Lurve
Apply Baby Proofing to doors and gates to keep your little ones safe!
Use the power of Science to have a baby—either by yourself or with a Friend!
Wants are things your Sim wants to do, but you don't have to.
Complete Wants to earn Satisfaction points to buy Reward Traits!
The Ranger Station is a good source for more camping information in addition to purchasing supplies.
Do it together! Toddlers learn twice as fast when building skills with older Sims.
Gain skills and watch movies on the new Wabbit Tablet.
Get all Toddler skills to level 3 or 5 before Aging Up to unlock special traits.
Imagination skill can be gained by playing with toys, playing with the dollhouse, or reading books.
As Toddlers gain communication skill they unlock new options for conversation and progress from babbling to complete sentences.
Toddlers love picture books. Purchase Toddler Books from the bookcase.
As Toddlers gain Movement skill they will be able to walk faster and eventually they can run.
Toddlers need a Toddler Bed to sleep. Find them in the Toddler sort in the Kids section of the Build Mode catalog.
If your Sim has high enough Handiness Skill, a miniature version of the Camping Mascot can be created at the Woodworking Table.
Hey! Who locked the door? Let me in! - Keep unwanted guests at bay by locking doors.
What do we want? Half Walls! Where do we find them? In Build Mode!
Looking to bring gaming to the next level? Try searching for the Motion Gaming Rig in build mode.
What power? The power of voodoo. Who do? You do...with high level Mischief skill!
Like cupcakes? We do too! Try making some using your stove or the Cupcake Factory.
Looking for a quick way to change emotion? Try the Tea Magic Personal Brewer.
Gardening skill can lead you to grow the rare Cowplant. Completely safe as long as you feed it!
The Microphone is a great way to practice comedy skill and amuse guests.
Looking for new wall art? Try the Microscope or Observatory to get some beautiful prints.
You can find rare collectibles by exploring space in the Rocket Ship!
There are lots of activities to do at a Campfire – roast some food, sing campfire songs, or just play with fire.
After you research a plant, information on that plant will be added to your Sim’s notebook accessible at the top of the phone menu.
Are you a gardener? Well don’t forget to check out the Reward Store for the Money Tree that your Sims can plant.
Look in the Reward Store for new weather based traits which allow you to tell some interesting stories with your Sims.
Ice and Roller Rinks will appear around the worlds during the seasons, but you don’t have to wait, you can place one on your lot from Build Mode.
Mud in rain, water balloons in sun, and snowballs in snow—all can be used to start a throwing fight!
Change Sims into their camping gear by selecting Plan Outfits on the Tent.
Check back at different times of day to see what Insects come out.
Select your sim to lie on the ground and gaze up at the sky for some R&amp;R.
Check each fishing location – different fish appear in different types of water.
No fire to roast food?  Refreshments can be stored in a Cooler.
Telling Stories is a great way to enjoy other Sim's company. Select a Sim and Tell a Group Story under Group Activities.
Praise your butler if you feel they’ve provided 5 star service. Your appreciation will lift their mood for a spell, allowing them to work even faster.
Consider dismissing other recurring services after hiring a live-in butler. Butlers are trained to attend to many of your household’s needs.
Get to know your butler. Their traits play a role in how effective they are at providing white-glove service.
Use the Vanity Table to apply a temporary makeup makeover for a hot date, or any other special occasion.
Drink platters created via the Globe Bar are an upscale way to whet your guest’s appetite at any social gathering.
The Whispering Wishing Well knows all about love/hate relationships… try wishing for romance while the well is in a foul mood.
It’s a well-known fact, wishing wells love Simoleons. Gaining favor with the Whispering Wishing Well may be well worth the asking price.
Feeling mischievous? Pour soap in the Fountain of Gluteus Maximus then stomp around inside for a bubbly good time!
When the reaper appears on the Whispering Wishing Well you wish at your own peril.
The many faces of the Whispering Wishing Well forewarn of a successful wish… or if your deepest desires will be turned against you.
Afterlife got you down? Ghosts can use the Whispering Wishing Well to return to life for a single Simoleon.
A seemingly harmless wish made at the Whispering Wishing Well may have unforeseen consequences.