Fetch all the attention in this playful combination of a simple little mini with studded bracelet and spike collar. Everyone will beg to get your number!
On the Hunt
Show off your wild side in this ferocious wrap top and cheetah-print mini. Hunt or be hunted, but beware one thing: you won’t escape notice long. Meow.
Leather &amp; Roses
Biker chic meets floral fancy in this alluring combination that lets the world know that you're no wallflower.
Beauty and the Belt
Soar to new heights of fashion with this futuristic outfit. Bold colors, a stellar neckline, and reflective belt will make you the life of the party throughout the universe, and beyond.
Fairytale Fitted Gown
Mirror, mirror, on the wall:  Who’s the most fabulous of them all? Why, you, of course, in this elegant floor-length number with matching satin gloves and a shimmering brooch.
LoveLine Paneled Dress
Draw attention to your lovely lines with this elegantly paneled formal dress! An elegant choker and ankle-strap heels create the perfect frame for your masterful new look.
Rock Angel
Wild West meets Hard Rock in this tough-as-tulips look that’ll lasso everyone’s attention. From your cowgirl hat to your high-top sneakers, this star-studded ensemble says “howdy” to flirtatious fun.
Need for Tweed Short Set
Embellished with feminine details, this dashing tweed jacket and short set creates a fabulously unforgettable, oops-I-should-have-dry-cleaned-this effect.
Betty Oops Bloomer Set
Bare just enough shoulder to raise curiosity about your undergarments. Bare just enough leg to seem like you’re wearing only undergarments.
Spring into Summer Sundress
Get swept away by this romantic floral-print dress and sunhat ensemble that adds flirty, feminine flair to any season, as long as you’re not f-f-freezing.
Mad in Plaid
We’re mad for this rockin’ plaid mini skirt and skull tee combo. Actually, we’re just mad. If you’re a chick that gets angry a lot, this is a good look. Rock it.
Princess Leia
Soca and Calypso
Aayla Secura
VaVaVroom Track Set
Nothing makes you look racier than this curve-hugging track set. Constructed of feather-light, moisture-wicking fabric, with a splash of color to highlight your head-snapping silhouette.
Bionic Bodwear
You've got the strength to smoke the competition, so why hide it? This high-performance tank and short set is cut skintight to eliminate drag and keep you light and powerful.
The Sporty Shorty
This workout ensemble goes the distance in performance and style! So breathable, comfy, and cute, you can feel the wind all over.
Art Deco
Board Games
Trend Couture
Bunker Nap
Overboard
Barford Prep
Executive Command
Last-Minute Formal
Mainstream Studs
That Guy
Hungry like the Cub
The New Kid
6:00AM Track
Three-Point Line
Retrokini
Catch the Wave
Hotspot
Down the Rabbithole
Space Pirate's Charm
On the Promenade
Cordelia's Gown
Corsage Montage
Starbroker
Teacher's Pet
The Admiralty Board
Center of the Universe
Take a Deep Breath
Corkscrew Pitch
Sunny Fun Times
Sunny Day Play
Silly Sleepies
Makin' Waves
So Sleepy
Snuggled Up
Mommy's Little Nightmare
Not Tardy For The Party
Fun In The Sun
Warm and Cold
The Warm and Fuzzies
Real Dapper
Breezing
Adorably Suited
Night Night
Pattern Jamboree
In The Spotlight
Coolest Summer
Sweet Bebe Bow
Little Darling
Playtime Party
Pep in Step
Not Just for Dance
New Year Wishes
New Year Festivities
Keepin' Cool
Jammin' Jammies
Jammas without Llamas
Hop Into Bed Onesie
Little Fisher
The Best Striped Sweater and Pants
Skillful Sims
Skills help Sims progress in Careers, craft better items, and even benefit Relationships! Learn about Skills and get rewarded!
You and Your Phone
The Phone is used to do much more than just call a friend. It's used to travel, play games, or call a hotline when sad! Explore its features and get rewarded!
Navigating Needs
All Sims have Needs! They can determine if a Sim feels happy, sad, tired, and more. Solve some needs and get rewarded!
Lifelong Aspirations
Aspirations are long-term goals for Sims. Completing Aspiration goals gives your Sim Satisfaction points to spend in the Rewards Store!
Ask Me Again Later
Hi there {0.SimFirstName}! Some people and I are hitting the town tonight. You should come with us!
{0.String}: {1.String}