Spotted Leaf Frog
The Spotted Leaf Frog is mottled with cute, green freckles. In high school, it was voted “Most Likely to Be a Rockstar.”
A deposit of sedimentary earth and stone containing strange traces of foreign particles
Time has not been kind to what's left of these bones. This fossil has fragmented into several pieces.
Limestone
Broken Fossil
Fossilized Udder
Every scientist knows that prehistoric cows had rows of jagged teeth like a mako shark. No wonder, then, that their udders evolved to be very tough. That's why this specimen is almost perfectly preserved eons after these gentle giants roamed the world.
Fossilized Whatzit
This fossil has stumped experts from every conventional scientific discipline. No one knows what it really is.
Fossilized Alien Skull
This could be the evidence needed to confirm that there are other forms of life in the universe!! Or it could be papier mache -- science has no way of telling!
Pre-Pre-Pre Sim Head
Australosimicus afarensis, or &quot;Pre-Pre-Pre Sim,&quot; lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago! Not that WHOLE time, of course, that's just a range of possible… Look, this is a rare find and it should be treasured!
Perfectly Preserved Mustache
This fossil marks the passing of an ancient gentleman of true class. A gentleman who fell face-first into some ancient mud.
Prehistoric Bird
This is a near-perfect preservation of Raptor Erraticus, which was known to fly in random, crazy patterns to distract predators. A downside to this particular defense was that the bird often flew into trees or rocks and was immediately killed.
Prehistoric Rock
In prehistoric times rocks were shaped like sharp little triangles, which ancient hunters would use to catch food. Over time people began to plant, farm, and raise livestock. They had no more need for these rocks, and so the rocks evolved into the smooth blobs we see today.
Enormous Trilobite
Trilobite means three lobes. It does not mean being bit at a strength three times a normal bite. If that were the case, arthropods would be terrifying!
Pre-Historic Hoofprint
An ancient caveman preserved animal footprints as a hobby, displaying them in a popular museum-cave for all the other cavepeople to cave-enjoy. What an amazing convenience it was for modern anthropologists to find these preserved footprints all in one place!
Fossilized Sim Hand
This fossilized hand serves as a somber reminder that excessive and overzealous high-fiving can lead to tragedy.
Hilariously Tiny T-Rex Arms
bottleMedicine_bm
bottleLighterFluidGEN_01
bottleGlueGEN_01
Bottle
Bottle


How to Be a Successful Socialite
By: Blaire Aparti \n\nA complete guide to entertaining and being entertained!
Mmm! What’s that Smell?
By: Julio Kid \n\nA culinary master’s inside guide to creating the perfect dish and achieving perfect reviews from the toughest of food critics.
Sheet Music
Filled with invisible notes that play a distinct melody....
Song Lyrics
A page of song lyrics.
Sheet Music
A page of musical instructions.
Grade School Homework
Doing homework is an important step toward getting good grades.
Screenplay
A screenplay. For your eyes only!
A Book of Poems
A lovely book of poetry.
Children's Book
A small book of children's stories.
Writing Manual
Violin Manual
Video Gaming Manual
Rocket Science Manual
Painting Manual
Mischief Manual
Logic Manual
Hacking Manual
Guitar Manual
Gourmet Cooking Manual
Gardening Manual
Fitness Manual
Fishing Manual
Comedy Manual
Charisma Manual
Bartending Manual
Homestyle Cooking Manual
A Good Night's Moon
By: Derek McMillan\n\nTeach your little star to say goodnight to the moon! This book will spark imagination and make them wonder if the moon is in fact cheese, a banana, an egg, or even a sponge!
Driving to Mars
Put on your space suit little stumpy moon ranger and hop into the space boat because the whole family is going to Mars! In this charming picture book of our solar system, join along with Mary, Pete, and Squeazy Tom as they explore the Milky Way, and beyond, beginning with Mars in this first installment.
Toy Tales
Imagine a world in which the sandbox isn’t just filled with cold, lifeless toys, but vibrantly alive with ones that speak and emote! It’s all here in Toy Tales, a heartwarming story about how a young girl’s toys tell her how to reach for her dreams.
MaxisMan Saves the City
Look to the lower atmosphere! What do you see? Is it a choo choo careening off the rails? Or a wanton bear looking for artisanal honey? No, it’s MaxisMan and he’s here to save the day!
Like You for the Time Being
In a world where we’re all unique snowflakes, it’s good to remind toddlers that sometimes they have more in common with others than their differences. Before beautiful hair grows, and muscles form, soft, plushy toddlers are all bald little similarities. Embrace it, at least for now.
Squares and You
Before the younglings are ready for curves, straight lines, or fewer than four sides, we have Squares…and you! Squares and You is the Award-Winning landmark educational title that knocked Geometry in the Womb off its well-accolated perch and told Rhombus Rompus to take a hike!
When Is Winter?
Is it spring? Not now, but soon. Is it fall? Perhaps, by noon? Is it summer? The heat, seems likely. When is winter? Who knows, but it’s coming.
Princess Plumbob's Castle
Little Antonio braves the forest to find the long lost Princess Plumbob, but with cherry red emotions he fumes that she isn’t in this castle, but is in another. Where is Princess Plumbob’s castle? Can it be found? Don’t flip forward as you’ll ruin the surprise!
Monkey Brown on the Monkey Bars
Monkey Brown went up the bars and oops he fell and broke his thars. What should Monkey Brown have learned as a result of this handle-barred hiccup, and were the parents to blame? You won’t be able to stop this true crime (or is it a true accident?!) page turner of a toddler thriller.
Dog on a Log
In the quiet town of Hannawee, a lonely family finds their hearts swollen with sadness when the rainy seasons begin. But, atop the log on the flooded river, a mysterious Dog on a Log arrives, and none of their lives will ever be the same.
Baby Bill and the Bobcat
Journey at night to the woods and the thicket where Baby Bill and the Bobcat are in a sticky wicket. Parents will love BB and the B’s strong use of natural insights and subtle commentary on the modern industrial complex, whereas children will delight at the pages’ fluffy texture.
Charlotte's Pig
There are times in a farmer’s life when they know that their one pig is not just some pig but the fun pig. Charlotte’s Pig is the charming, triumphant morality tale of a pig who teaches their owner that sometimes, you just need to look around and smell the bacon.
Rex Treks
Long before the shortly armed bipedal tyrants met their fate at the whims of a fiery rock or icy cold, these reptilian beasts strutted their stuff just beyond the primordial soup. With informative pictures and rhyming scientific names, Rex Treks is a journey to days a million past for children eager to take their first step in the fossil record.
Notebook
Important notes saved here.
bookingStation_bm
bookingStation_bm
Writing Vol 2: The Importance of Punctuation