Rebate Received!
{0.Number}% off for being Thrifty
{0.Number}% off for purchasing Art and leveraging Critical Connections
{0.Number}% off for shopping on Rebate Day!
A rebate check of {0.Money} has been received! Sims in the household were able to save on their recent purchases:\n{1.String}
{0.Number} for growing coconuts!
It seems there is no phone service in the area.
Himalayan
These cats are sweet-tempered, intelligent, and generally very social and good companions. Because of their heritage from the Siamese cats, they tend to be more active than Persians.
Golden Retriever
The Golden Retriever is a large-sized breed of dog bred as gun dogs to retrieve shot waterfowl such as ducks and upland game birds during hunting and shooting parties, and were named 'retriever' because of their ability to retrieve shot game undamaged. Jill will change this and likely remove references to guns and things that they shoot.
American Bobtail
The American Bobtail is an uncommon breed of domestic cat which was developed in the late 1960s. It is most notable for its stubby &quot;bobbed&quot; tail about one-third to one-half the length of a normal cat's tail.
Standard Schnauzer
Distinguished by their long beards and eyebrows, Standard Schnauzers are always pepper and salt or less commonly black in color, with a stiff and wiry hair coat on the body similar to that of other wirehaired breeds.
Chihuahua
How a Chihuahua turns out depends mightily on the genetic temperament of his parents and grandparents. Chihuahuas can be easily provoked to attack, and are therefore generally unsuitable for homes with small children. The breed tends to be fiercely loyal to one particular person and in some cases may become over protective of the person, especially around other people or animals.
Calico
Calico cats are domestic cats with a spotted or particolored coat that is predominantly white, with patches of two other colors.
Wire Fox Terrier
Two of the wire fox terrier's most distinctive traits are its energy and intelligence. It has a low threshold for boredom and requires stimulation, exercise and attention. The wire fox terrier is a companion animal that requires near-constant attention.
Welsh Springer Spaniel
The Welsh Springer Spaniel is active, loyal, and affectionate. They may meet strangers barking when in their territory, or act aloof, cautious or wary. The breed is well known for being friendly and demonstrative to all members of the family, especially children, and accepting other pets of the household with a friendly, playful attitude.
LaPerm
The LaPerm is in many ways a cat of moderation with no extremes and is still true to its original type. It does however have an unusual coat.
West Highland White Terrier
The temperament of the West Highland White Terrier can vary greatly, with some being friendly towards children, whilst others prefer solitude. It will not tolerate rough handling such as a child pulling on its ears, and can be both food- and toy-possessive.
Field Spaniel
The Field Spaniel can be a good family dog while it has a job to do. They are suitable for dog agility and hunting. Without some sort of purpose, the dog can often try to amuse itself and cause mischief.
Persian
The Persian cat is a long-haired breed of cat characterized by its round face and short muzzle. In Britain, it is sometimes called the Longhair or Persian Longhair. It is also known as the Shirazi cat or Iranian cat, particularly in the Middle East. Jill will change this.
Otterhound
The Otterhound is a large, rough-coated hound with an imposing head. Originally bred for hunting, it has great strength and a strong body with long striding steps. This makes it able to perform prolonged hard work. 
Goldendoodle
A Goldendoodle is a cross-breed obtained by breeding a golden retriever with a poodle. The original purpose of the cross was to attempt to develop guide dogs suitable for visually impaired individuals with allergies.
Singapura
The Singapura is one of the smallest breeds of cats, noted for its large eyes and ears, brown ticked coat and blunt tail.
Husky
Husky is a general name for a sled-type of dog used in northern regions, differentiated from other sled-dog types by their fast pulling style. They are an ever-changing cross-breed of the fastest dogs.
Chesapeake Bay Retriever
The quintessential Chesapeake Bay Retriever has a bright and happy disposition, intelligence, quiet good sense, and an affectionate protective nature. Some can be quite vocal when happy, and some will 'smile' by baring their front teeth in a peculiar grin.
Oriental Longhair
The oriental longhair is a really active cat that likes to play a lot. If the owner does not have the time to do so, it will find a toy to play on its own. This breed enjoys jumping and does it really well, without breaking any objects due to its agility and elegance.
Curly Coated Retriever
The Curly Coated Retriever was originally developed as a gun dog and their temperament and conformation reflect this purpose. Curlies are still used in many countries as bird hunting companions, including in both upland and waterfowl hunting.
Afghan Hound
The temperament of the typical Afghan Hound can be aloof and dignified, but happy and clownish when it's playing. This breed, as is the case with many sighthounds, has a high prey drive and may not get along with small animals. 
Birman
The Birman, also called the &quot;Sacred Cat of Burma&quot;,[1] is a domestic cat breed. The Birman is a long-haired, color-pointed cat distinguished by a silky coat, deep blue eyes, and contrasting white &quot;gloves&quot; or &quot;socks&quot; on each paw.
Polish Lowland Sheepdog
Polish Lowland Sheepdogs are stable and self-confident. They have an excellent memory and can be well trained, but may dominate a weak-willed owner.
Toy Fox Terrier
Toy Fox Terriers, like many active and intelligent breeds, can learn to respond to a number of words. Toy Fox Terriers were used commonly in circus shows by clowns, and they are said to make great companions for owners with a good sense of humor.
Portuguese Water Dog
Portuguese Water dogs make excellent companions.They are loving, independent, and intelligent and are easily trained in obedience and agility skills. Once introduced, they are generally friendly to strangers, and enjoy being petted, which, due to their soft, fluffy coats, is a favour that human beings willingly grant them.
Irish Red and White Setter
The Irish Red and White setter can be the most devoted and affectionate of dogs making them ideal all-round family dogs. They are extremely intelligent and respond well to proper training but they do need to have plenty to occupy them.
Boston Terrier
The Boston Terrier is a gentle breed that typically has a strong, happy-go-lucky, and friendly personality with a merry sense of humour. Bostons are generally eager to please their owner and can be easily trained.
Schnauzer
Schnauzer comes from the German word for &quot;snout&quot; and means colloquially &quot;moustache&quot;, because of the dog's distinctively bearded snout. Although the schnauzer is considered a terrier-type dog, they do not have the typical terrier temperament.
British Longhair
The British Longhair is a longer-haired development from the longstanding British Shorthair breed. In the mid-20th century, British Shorthairs were interbred with imported long-haired varieties with an aim to producing more stout and round-faced stock, while retaining the short coat
Black and Tan Coonhound
The Black and Tan Coonhound makes a suitable pet: it is mellow, amiable, calm, and unobtrusive indoors; outdoors, its strong hunting instinct takes over and it can be difficult to turn it from tracking after it starts trailing.
Old English Sheepdog
The breed standards describe the ideal Old English Sheepdog as never being nervous or aggressive. The Old English Sheepdog comes from the very old pastoral type dogs but no records were kept of the dogs, and everything about the earliest types is guesswork.
Sphynx
Sphynxes are known for their extroverted behavior. They display a high level of energy, intelligence, curiosity, and affection for their owners.
Basenji
The Basenji is alert, energetic, curious and reserved with strangers. The Basenji tends to become emotionally attached to a single human. Basenjis may not get along with non-canine pets.
Scottish Fold
The Scottish Fold is a breed of domestic cat with a natural dominant-gene mutation that affects cartilage throughout the body, causing the ears to &quot;fold&quot;, bending forward and down towards the front of their head, which gives the cat what is often described as an &quot;owl-like&quot; appearance.
Havana Brown
The Havana Brown is an intelligent cat that often uses its paws both to examine objects and to communicate with its owners. Curiosity brings them to the door as visitors arrive rather than preferring to be hidden as many cats will do.
Miniature Schnauzer
Usually easy to train, Miniature Schnauzers tend to be excellent watchdogs with a good territorial instinct, but more inclined toward barking than biting.
Brittany
The Brittany was originally bred as a hunting dog and noted for being easy to train and sweet-natured. The breed is generally more sensitive to correction than other hunters, and harsh corrections are often unnecessary.
Great Dane
The Great Dane is a large German breed of domestic dog known for its giant size. The German name of the breed is Deutsche Dogge, or German Mastiff. The French name is Dogue Allemand. The Great Dane is one of the tallest dog breeds. Jill will change this. 
Doberman Pinscher
Although they are considered to be working dogs, Doberman Pinschers are often stereotyped as being ferocious and aggressive. As a personal protection dog, the Doberman was originally bred for these traits.
Miniature Pinscher
Miniature Pinschers are for experienced dog owners. The Miniature Pinscher is an assertive, outgoing, active and independent breed. Miniature pinschers are energetic and need a fenced in yard to run in; they make great agility dogs.
English Foxhound
The English Foxhound is a pack hound, therefore, it gets along well with other dogs and enjoys human companionship. It gets along with horses, children, and other pets, as it is a gentle, social, and tolerant breed.
Pomeranian
Pomeranians are typically friendly, playful and lively but can be aggressive to other dogs and try to prove themselves. Pomeranians are alert and aware of changes in their environment, and barking at new stimuli can develop into a habit of barking excessively in any situation.
Saint Bernard
The St. Bernard or St Bernard is a breed of very large working dog from the western Alps in Switzerland, Italy and France, originally bred at the Great and Little St Bernard Pass for rescue. Jill will change this.
Cocker Spaniel
Cocker Spaniels were originally bred as hunting dogs with the term cocker deriving from their use to hunt the Eurasian woodcock.
Abyssinian
The Abyssinian is a breed of domestic short-haired cat with a distinctive &quot;ticked&quot; tabby coat, in which individual hairs are banded with different colors.
Siamese
Siamese are usually very affectionate and intelligent cats, renowned for their social nature. Many enjoy being with people and are sometimes described as &quot;extroverts&quot;. Often they bond strongly to a single person. Some Siamese are extremely vocal, with a loud, low-pitched voice—known as &quot;Meezer&quot;, from which they get one of their nicknames.
It's {0.SimFirstName}'s birthday. The time just flies by, doesn't it?
Birth! Life, the universe, and everything await! It'll be a long road, kid.
Childhood! Boundless creativity, rulebreaking, and temper-tantrums await! Let the games begin.