Full Outfits
Personality
Are you sure you want to leave this mode? Your venue is still incomplete.
Requirements Incomplete
Hide Progress
Remove this object to complete the venue.
Forbidden
Lot type can't be changed while there are tenants still living on the lot. Please move out all tenants before changing lot type.
Not available for this lot.
Venue type cannot be changed while a Small Business is open.
This owned lot cannot be changed. Please sell this Residential Rental via the Owned Businesses panel in Live Mode. 
Disabled for Special Venues
Change Lot Type?
{0.String} (Small Business)
Apartment
Vet Clinic Configuration
Vet Clinic Staff Outfits
Select or Customize outfits for the Vet Clinic Staff to wear while they're working.
Lot Features
University Housing Configuration
Affiliate this university housing lot with the selected university.
University
No Affiliation
This will restrict the university housing lot to allowing only the selected gender to move in.
Gender Restriction
This will restrict the university housing lot to allowing only members of the selected affiliation to move in as roommates.
Affiliation
Lot Perks
Tiers
&lt;font color='#EC262E'&gt;These areas will only be active when a Small Business is open on the lot.&lt;/font&gt;
Customers and employees cannot enter this area.
Residential
All customers and employees can enter this area freely.
Public
This color is being used for another area.
Small Business Area Assignment
Customers cannot enter this area, but employees can.
Employees Only
Business areas are not supported on the new lot type. Changing to this lot type will remove all previous business areas, which cannot be undone. Would you like to change the lot type?
Apply to All Areas
Assign or Edit Waiters' Outfits
Waiters
Click to view menu.
Restaurant Configuration
Are you sure you want to delete this outfit? This change cannot be undone.
Use Preset:
Restaurant Staff Outfits
Select or Customize outfits for the Restaurant Staff to wear while they're working.
Menu
Choose the restaurant's menu! You can choose from a preset or create a menu from scratch.
Assign or Edit Hosts' Outfits
Hosts
Design Male Uniform in Create a Sim
Design Female Uniform in Create a Sim
Use Custom:
Are you sure you want to go to Create a Sim?
Assign or Edit Chefs' Outfits
Chefs
Select a dress code for patrons based on the restaurant's style and price range.
Customer Attire
Assign Male Uniform...
Assign Female Uniform...
Restricted to the Top Floor.
Restricted to the Third Floor.
Restricted to the Second Floor.
Restricted to the Ground Floor.
Restricted to the Fourth Floor.
Restricted to the Bottom Floor.
Restricted to the Fourth Basement Floor.
Restricted to the Third Basement Floor.
Restricted to the Second Basement Floor.
Restricted to the First Basement Floor.
Home Unit
The Property Owner currently lives in this unit.
This will be the unit your household lives in
Unit Value:
Unit Dimensions:
Mark this as your current Household's home unit
Home Unit
This is your current household's Home Unit.
This unit is already occupied by a different household.
Home Unit
Unhide Unit
Hide Unit
Your Sim is currently in this unit
This unit is currently occupied by tenants. Tenant household must be moved to unhide or edit unit.
This unit is currently occupied by the Property Owner. The Property Owner must be moved out before this unit can be unhidden.
Unit Info
Delete Unit
Please Evict Household before deleting this Unit.
You must have at least one unit on this lot
You cannot delete the currently assigned Home Unit.
You cannot delete the unit your Sim is currently visiting. 
Delete Unit?
Are you sure you wish to delete {0.String}?
Assign All Rooms to this Unit
Unit Configuration
Unit Traits and Challenges
Unit Name
Unit Info