Icelandic Sheepdog
German Spitz
Cardigan Welsh Corgi
Cockapoo
English Toy Spaniel
Miniature Poodle
Parson Russell Terrier
Bocker
Wheaten Terrier
Labradoodle
Bedlington Terrier
Canaan
Chow Lab Mix
Dingo
Great Pyrenees
Kerry Blue Terrier
Norse Elk Shepherd
Shar Pei
Tibetan Mastiff
Black Russian Terrier
Raccoon
Square Deck
Square Room
Triangular Room
Rounded Room (X-Large)
Rounded Room (Large)
Rounded Room
Octagonal Room
Square Room (Diagonal)
Room Tool
Drag to create a room. To delete, hold Ctrl and draw over the existing room to delete it. While in draw mode, hold Shift to switch to the Wall Tool.
Wall Tool - B
Drag to draw a wall. To delete, hold Ctrl and draw over the existing wall to delete it. While in draw mode, hold Shift to switch to the Room Tool.
Triangle Pool
Square Pool
Rounded Pool (X-Large)
Rounded Pool (Large)
Rounded Pool
Octagonal Pool
Square Pool (Diagonal)
Hint: Once you've placed a pool, use the horizontal arrows to resize it, the curved arrows to rotate it, and the multi-arrows button to move it.
Pool Tool
Hint: Click and drag to create desired pool shape. To quickly delete, hold CTRL and draw over the existing pool.
Once you've placed a platform, use the vertical arrows to raise or lower it, the horizontal arrows to resize it, the curved arrows to rotate it, or the multi-arrow button to move it.
Triangular Platform
Square Platform
Rounded Platform (X-Large)
Rounded Platform (Large)
Rounded Platform
Octagonal Platform
L-Shaped Platform
Square Platform (Diagonal)
Platform Tool
Drag to create a platform. To delete, hold Ctrl and draw over the platform to delete it. You can adjust platform height after placement.
Rounded Deck
Once you've placed a room or deck, use the horizontal arrows to resize it, the curved arrows to rotate it, or the multi-arrow button to move it.
L-Shaped Room
Triangle Fountain
Hint: Once you've placed a fountain, use the horizontal arrows to resize it, the curved arrows to rotate it, and the multi-arrows button to move it.
Square Fountain
Hint: Once you've placed a fountain, use the horizontal arrows to resize it, the curved arrows to rotate it, and the multi-arrows button to move it.
Rounded Fountain (X-Large)
Rounded Fountain (Large)
Rounded Fountain
Octagonal Fountain
Hint: Once you've placed a fountain, use the horizontal arrows to resize it, the curved arrows to rotate it, and the multi-arrows button to move it.
Square Fountain  (Diagonal)
Hint: Once you've placed a fountain, use the horizontal arrows to resize it, the curved arrows to rotate it, and the multi-arrows button to move it.
Fountain Tool
Hint: Click and drag to create desired fountain shape. To quickly delete, hold CTRL and draw over the existing fountains.
Custom Fountain Tool
Hint: Drag to draw a fountain wall. Select the desired point on the grid in order to create desired shape. Double click to complete the desired shape.
Flat Triangle
Flat Square
Flat Round
Flat Octagon (Diagonal)
(From Gardening Skill)
(From Being Friends)
(From Fitness Skill)
(From Fishing Skill)
(From Being at a Festival)
(From Fear of Unfulfilled Dreams)
(From Fear of Magic)
(From Fear of Failure)
(From Fear of Death)
(From Fear of Being Burgled)
(From Being Unfriendly)
(From Being Enemies)
(From Being Tense)
(From Cooking Skill)
(From Comedy Skill)
(From Collecting Something)
(From Being at the Nightclub)
(From Doing Schoolwork)
(From Social Skill)
(From Motor Skill)
(From Seeing a Monster Under the Bed)
(From Mental Skill)
(From Creativity Skill)
(From Charisma Skill)