Executron Personal Stock Ticker
Sure, any idiot can look at the latest stock prices on a computer. But not just any idiot has the office space to show the world his or her interest in the minute-to-minute fluctuations in stock prices.
Holiday Wreath
For those who prefer their holiday foliage in ring format instead of conical, there are holiday wreaths.
String of Snowflakes
Sure, snowflakes aren't really this big, and can't be strung up. And yeah they tend to melt pretty quickly. But that's not the point! Get the feeling of snow without the actual thing!
Hanukkah Garland
Let your walls get in on the holiday fun with this Hanukkah-themed garland.
Holiday Garland
Some people go for holiday wreaths, some prefer garlands. What do I say? I say it depends on if you're more of a linear person, or whether you are possessed of a more circular nature.
Toilet Paper Roll Holder
Florist's Dream Potted Lily
Embrace the romance of a garden gone wild. This weathered tin watering can is overflowing with lilies, as if they couldn’t resist taking root!
Spice of Life Spice Rack
Culinary inspiration is always within reach with this attractive spice rack. Designed to showcase the rich colors and varied textures of the many fine spices in your life, the Spice of Life Spice Rack is both practical and profound.
Fine Bowl of Fruit
Artfully arranged to entice the appetite, these luscious fruits are kind of like having a still life in your drawing room, unless, of course, you upset the bowl.
On the Hunt Statuette
Perfect for dog lovers everywhere, this classic statuette pays tribute to the fine breeding, exceptional nose, and extraordinary skill of the Royal Family’s pointers. 
Ceramic Cookie Jar
Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar? This ceramic storage urn holds enough cookies that nobody will ever have to resort to thievery again.
Tudor-Style Mantle Clock
Adorn your mantle and fill your heart with the gentle tick-tock of this antique rosewood clock.  Features a hand-painted dial and polished bevel for timelessly elegant time-keeping.
Scholarly Stack
Unlike many unschooled “intellectuals,” you put your books to regular use. Stacks like these are merely the result of one afternoon’s inquiry, a casual attempt to satiate your cavernous curiosity.
Trio of Flavor
A collection of ingredients in natural wooden bowls provides quick access and a decorative element brimming with texture. This trio of favorites includes the Bambara groundnut, a hardy but nutrient-dense legume you can cook and eat on its own or add to dishes for extra nutty flavor. The tiny guinea cubeb imparts a peppery but fresh and fruity flavor to any dish, and grains of paradise pods protect tiny seeds that deliver a steady, gingery warmth.
Shake Your Holiday Shakers
Season the holiday season with some seasoned seasoning. Or just spice up your Sims’ life with these classic, fundamental flavors. But take a minute to appreciate the containers. Hang on and stand still, don’t shake for the shakers; instead, shake up your table layout with these flavorful decorations. Like ebony and ivory, they can live together in perfect harmony, side by side on any Sim table. And why stick to black and white when there are so many choices? Find your true colors and perfect your table decoration with flavor.
Not So Simple Pen Holder
It may look like a simple pen holder, nothing out of the ordinary! And that may be true, but look at those lines...that style. It can dress any desk effortlessly and still hold any pen you want.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Solar System Trophy
Mr. or Ms. Solar System is not just the fittest man or woman in the world. He or she is the fittest man or woman in the galaxy, nay: the multiverse!
Unlocked at level 7 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
Llamacorns Team Photo
Ah, who can forget the fabulous Llamacorn team of '10 or was it '12? Maybe '14?
Honeycomb Bottle Holder
Store your favorite vintages in this tabletop rack inspired by the industrious honeybee and its hexagonal home.
Apple of Your Eye Framed Watercolor
This pure white modern frame fades gracefully into the painting’s white background, making the red of the apple deliciously vibrant and bold.
Pear Essentials Framed Watercolor
The simply organic beauty of a pear, trapped within the exquisite austerity of a modern chrome frame. Simple, sparkling, stunning! 
Do not be fooled by the friendly or childish appearance of the circuitry kit. This kit means serious business while you work away in your experiment, or repairs. Brush up your skills, or just play around, this kit offers all and does all!
Hand Reference Model
For artists and aspiring artists. This perfect hand reference model can help you sketch the perfect hand!\n\nBased on hand models from the best hands of all worlds, this model will provide excellent reference for those studying the art of shaping hands.
Year of the Pig Statuette
&lt;i&gt;This Pig statuette was granted for the New Lunar Year of the Pig, starting in February 2019.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nEvery new lunar year, the countryside animals celebrate in a grand hall decorated with symbolic sycees and paper lanterns.  This year, the new year arrived without the honored animal.\n\nThe Pig arrived near the party's end and sat at a table in quiet embarrassment, noticed by the Goat. With all red envelopes gifted and food eaten, the Goat plucked a kumquat from a potted citrus tree and offered half to the Pig. She accepted with relief and explained she could not find anyone to care for her piglets until friendly Crows returned to her farm. With the Goat's understanding and help with introductions, the Pig's embarrassment melted away to happiness during the remaining festivities.\n\nThe celebration ended at sunrise, and the Goat accompanied the Pig home. They decided their children should meet and exchange panda toys as friends, just as they had become.\n\nIt is okay to be last and late. Good friends will wait for you.
Sycee of the Prosperous Moon
&lt;i&gt;This decoration was granted for the New Lunar Year of the Pig, starting in February 2019.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nThe Pig returned home from the New Lunar Year celebration to find her piglets bundled in slumber, and the guardian Crows huddled in sleep nearby.  With her arrival, the Crows awoke and recounted how excited her children were for the new year.\n\nAs they were leaving, the Pig retrieved a metallic object from a mantle and offered, &quot;I have nothing of value that matches the good fortune I've had tonight save for this heirloom, so I wish to pass that luck to you in gratitude.&quot; The Crows left with a promise to visit again soon.\n\nAt their nest, the Crows examined the sycee quizzically for a while, and tried prying it open. Unsuccessful, there was a moment of silence... and finally sudden laughter and exclamation: &quot;Oh, it's &lt;i&gt;not&lt;/i&gt; a bowl with food or drink inside!&quot;
Unlocked at level 6 of the Business career.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Business career.
Tiny Tranquility Zen Garden
Is anyone more useless than a middle manager? Too high up to do work, and too low to make important decisions. At least with our Tiny Tranquility Zen Garden you'll be the absolute master of one square foot of sand and artificial pebbles.
Unlocked at level 3 of the Business career.
Unlock by reaching level 3 of the Business career.
S.A.L.E.S. Award
No one's quite sure what you have to do to earn this company award. Pretty sure it has something to do with some kind of acronym...
Unlocked at level 10 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
MVP Trophy
You may not be the best player in the game or even at your particular position and maybe you're not even on the best team, but at least an arbitrary group of people have by some consensus agreed that you are the most &quot;valuable.&quot; Whatever that means.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Jr. Solar System Trophy
This trophy is made of solid gold -- but don't worry! It features a ton of theft-protection features. Mainly, it's just too heavy for anyone who isn't a bodybuilder to walk away with it.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
All-Star Trophy
This is an incredibly rare trophy. Every year, only a few dozen are made. Well, except for a few extras due to injury replacements, or honorary All-Stars, or really special people. So really, there are only a few thousand in the world. So yeah, pretty rare.
Unlocked at level 2 of the Business career.
Unlock by reaching level 2 of the Business career.
(Found on a sticker on the underside of the nameplate) COMPANY PROPERTY, NOT FOR HOME USE, DO NOT REMOVE.
Desk Nameplate (Stolen)
Unlocked at level 8 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Executron Desk Pen Set
Some say that the age of handwriting is over, that those who fail to master today’s newfangled electronic “word processing” devices are fossils. Bah, humbug, we say! Enjoy the deliberate obsolescence of an archaic writing implement today with Executron!
The Ghastly Ghostly Gnome
This clever gnome has traveled to the great beyond and back to bring a fright to your lawn.  He’s the perfect decoration for a newly haunted home.
Feathered Friends Turret
Invite your feathered friends home to roost in their very own rooftop abode.
HVAC Vent with Exhaust Fan
This rooftop HVAC unit may look quaint but it packs a heating and cooling punch.
Boxy HVAC Roof Vent
Blocky rooftop vents exchange hot and cold air, keeping the climate in your building at an optimum temperature-controlled level.
Water Lilies in Bloom
Water lilies symbolize deep spirituality and contemplation, as well as longevity, fertility, and even the eternal renewal of life.
Tadpoles
Itty, bitty, wiggly, baby frogs that have no legs. 
Pair of Swans
They say a pair of swans represents soulmates for life. Bring a little love to the water.
Bog Log
This dead wood drifts on the surface of ponds, providing an inviting spot for turtles to catch some warming sun.
A Smattering of Lily Pads
Lily pads add visual interest to a body of still water without taking away from its tranquil nature.
Colorful Lily Pads
An array of colorful, blooming lily pads. Match your water to your garden!