They don't make them like they used to, and the same goes for this elegant bookcase, straight from the library of the Capp family estate. Explore their ancestral history, rare books, and genealogical treasures. Members of the staff will even tell you family members would occasionally disappear near the bookcase...who knows, maybe it carries some secrets of its own.
Find this item in Build Mode under Doors, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Doors
Antique Curio Display
Nifty Knitting
Shop Online with Plopsy
Prepare to Rock
Get Knitty with it
Welcome home a new small animal and show love for Cats and Dogs.
My First Pet
My First Pet Stuff
Craft spaces that look loved and lived-in with The Sims™ 4 Everyday Clutter Kit!
Everyday Clutter
Everyday Clutter
Show to Tell
It’s Personal
Think big, build small. Create the tiny, comfy home of your Sims’ dreams!
Tiny Living
Tiny Living
Stay Snug in Style
Keep it Cozy
Maximize Your Mini
Build Your Small Space
Use fantastical décor to create a whimsical play space with The Sims™ 4 Wonderland Playroom Kit.
Wonderland Playroom
Wonderland Playroom
Curiouser &amp; Curiouser
All Frabjous Day
Develop your Sim’s parenting skills to help shape their children’s lives into adulthood.
Parenthood
Parenthood
Decorate and organize your entryway into the perfect mudroom with The Sims™ 4 Grange Mudroom Kit.
Grange Mudroom
Grange Mudroom
A Magnificent Mudroom Awaits
Elevate your Sim’s fitness and embody an active lifestyle.
Fitness
Fitness Stuff
Soak up the sun with luxurious indoor/outdoor pieces from The Sims™ 4 Desert Luxe Kit.
Desert Luxe
Desert Luxe
Fun and Function
Decidedly Neutral
Welcome to a world in which beautiful scenery meets metropolitan life! Magnolia Promenade offers fantastic views and a top of the line shopping experience for customers and entrepreneurs alike.
Watch the Ducks
Enjoy a quiet outdoor seating area by the river where the ducks like to play
Outdoor Park Activities
Keep the kids entertained with a small playground and a small outdoor eating area
Scout Out Your Shop Location
Looking for the perfect spot to finally open your own retail business? Search no more!
You Rule the Workplace
Dress your Sims in iconic silhouettes, vibrant colors, and high-contrast patterns inspired by the fashion-filled streets of Mumbai.
Fashion Street
Fashion Street
All in the Details
Build Your Sims' Wardrobe
Modern Menswear
Modern Menswear
Experiment with Style
Get into the Details
Break free from the everyday with daring activities and Getaways in The Sims™ 4 Adventure Awaits Expansion Pack.
Adventure Awaits
Adventure Awaits
Gibbi Point
It's been many years since Gibbi Point experienced the Great Wave, a seismic event that swept through and helped carve out unique landmarks and created lush flora and fauna the likes of which many Sims had never expected to see! Once a part of a jellyfish processing industry, Jellyfish Junction more recently rebranded itself as an eccentric, artsy neighborhood with scenic harbor views. Crystal Valley has been transformed from a gold mining community into more subdued spot home to a large, feathered creature and the fabled Electric Lagoon. Wanderwood Wilds is a secluded, woodsy neighborhood where you can find Hothead Rock Geyser. The locals say it's a real blast. A peculiar climate, Gibbi Point's weather sees all seasons (even snow!); however, its many underground hot springs keep the waters tepid and inviting, allowing for swimming and water activities year-round.
Fluttery and Feathery
You'll want to fly over to Gibbi Point as fast as you can once you hear that it hosts many winged delights; from its unique butterfly and moth population to the storied Peculiar Plumbird, there's a flock-o-fun to be had here.
Outdoor Activities
Looking to spend a little more time taking in some fresh air, or looking to take on some new activities in general? Try your hand at archery or kayaking, or go for a little dive off the diving board at a pool. Unique festivals will have you dipping your toes into all sorts of outdoorsy endeavors. 
Natural Wonders
Wend your way towards awe-inspiring natural landmarks such as Hothead Rock Geyser, the jellyfish-filled Electric Lagoon, and Underlight Bay.
Adventure Around Every Corner
A Life of Play
Adventure Starts at Childhood
Time for a Getaway?
Holiday
Celebrate and enjoy the holidays!
Get in the holiday spirit
Decorate with themed decorations
Dress in Holiday Attire
Add soft colors and clothing adorned with ribbons and bows to your Sims’ wardrobe with The Sims™ 4 Sweet Allure Kit.
Sweet Allure
Sweet Allure
Soft and Sweet Elegance
Granite Falls Forest
Experience the true perfection of nature by exploring the lush and beautiful Granite Falls Forest
Insect Collecting
Power through your Squeamish sensibilities and discover some truly fascinating insects
Camping and Cabins
Whether you’re roughing it or glamping it, Granite Falls has a variety of sites to choose from
Make a difference and transform the world around you.
Eco Lifestyle
Play with The Sims™ 4 Eco Lifestyle!
Here is a list of some of the experiences you can have during your trial of Eco Lifestyle:\n\n&lt;ul type=&quot;circle&quot;&gt;&lt;li&gt;Go green with Solar, Wind, Thermal upgrades&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Dumpster diving! Need we say more?&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Fabricate your own furniture and candles, and brew your own craft juices&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Maximize your renewable &amp; sustainable practices&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Make a neighborhood action plan for change&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;See your world get better every generation&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;
Eco Lifestyle
Evergreen Harbor
Sandwiched between rolling hills of evergreen forest on one side and the waters of the Willupette Sound on the other, Evergreen Harbor used to be the industrial hub of the region. However, as the world changed around it, the region has struggled to keep up. A place where Sims value their community and neighborly love isn't just a pastime, Evergreen Harbor now stands on the precipice of making its own future. The only question is: what kind of future will it be?
Conifer Station
This pretty area on the outskirts of the city has a historic train station to visit
Grims Quarry