Formosa Interactive UK
Maxis would like to thank James Turner for the amazing lot building to help bring life to the world of Moonwood Mill 
“Mumbai Miraj” written by Raney Shockne
“Dahisar” written by Raney Shockne
“Red Candle Night” written by Min He
“Ceremony” written by Min He
“At Last” performed by Maiya Sykes and recorded by Charlton Pettus
“At Last”\nWritten by Mack Gordon, Harry Warren\nPublished by EMI Feist Catalog Inc.
“Good 2 Yourself”\nPerformed by Life in Sweatpants\nWritten by Maija Sjogren, Don Steele, Sam Ahrendt\nPublished by Utterable Publishing, Downtown DMP Songs, Cutcraft Music Group\nRecording courtesy of Long Time Friend Discount
Global Communications
Global Analyitics
Global Brand Marketing
Global Brand Marketing (Regional Activation)
Global Brand Marketing (Activation)
Franchise Operations
Finance
Experience Design Team
Experience Design Manager
Associate Experience Design Directors
Experience Designers
Experience Designer
Lead Experience Designer - Journey to Batuu
EACC Junior Analyst
EACC Development Manager
EACC Development Managers
EACC Associate Quality Designer
EACC Associate Quality Designers
Digital Merchandising
Tools Lead
Engineers
Development Tools Engineers
DevOps
Development Managers
Development Manager
The Sims™ 4 &lt;i&gt;Star Wars™&lt;/i&gt;: Journey to Batuu Game Pack © 2020 Electronic Arts Inc.
Business Affairs
Associate Development Managers
Associate Development Manager
Art Director - Journey to Batuu
Art Director - Snowy Escape
Lead Gameplay Engineer - StrangerVille
“VOOL ZAM” written by Raney Shockne
“Zomba Zeen” written by Charlton Pettus
{0.ObjectDescription}
Randomize Name
Randomize Name
Last Name
First Name
Disabled For Child Sims
Disabled for Aliens
Hello, My Name Is…
Select Trait
Select Traits
Pick a Trait!
Randomize isn't allowed currently. 
Randomize Traits
,
Conflicts with: 
Saved Outfits
Share Household to the Gallery
Save and Play
Done
Click the checkmark to save this Household to your Library and begin playing.
New Question
My Story
Unavailable while choosing your Sim.
Unavailable while creating a Sim's story.
• Assigned by creating my story. This cannot be edited.
Skill
Starting Funds
Career
My Story
Let's start with an easy question... What age am I?
Elder
Adult
Young Adult
Hey, nice to meet you! Feel free to assign my gender, adjust my appearance, and select my clothing. Thanks to my Sim Story, I already have aspirations, traits, and skills that you can update. Don't forget to give me a name!
Okay!
Your Sim's look, gender, age, traits, aspiration and clothing have been randomized.\n\nAccept this Sim or randomize again?\n\nYou can still make changes to your Sim after hitting accept. When you are done select the check mark in the bottom right to get into the game!
Randomize Again
Accept this Sim
Cannot Launch Create a Sim Stories
You have reached the maximum number of Sims (8) per household. Remove a Sim before adding more via a Sim Story.
Hi! Lets get ready to go to the {0.String}.\nDo you want to customize your Sim?\n\nIf you choose to randomize your Sim, their gender, name, traits and clothing will be chosen for you, but you can still make changes to customize your Sim before you enter the game.
Learn About Create a Sim
No, Randomize Sim
Yes! Customize Sim
Hi! Would you like to create my story? We'll start with a fun personality quiz. Afterwards, you can customize my appearance.
No thanks!
Okay!
Select Occult
Select Cause of Death
Warm
Neutral
Miscellaneous
Cool
{0.SimName}'s Dark Form.
Are you sure you want to delete the Dark Form? You cannot undo this change.
Delete Dark Form
Copy Sim to Dark Form.