Go There Now
Expand Your World
Need more? Check out downloadable content for The Sims.
Explore the Gallery!
Download players' creations, or show off your own!
Get Inspired
Learn More
Need Help?
Learn more about our different packs.
Explore Our Kits
Each Kit is a little bit different. Play around!
What is a Kit?
Kits are mini bits of content designed to enhance the way YOU play!
Macabre Mementos Digital Content
Plumed Elegance Mask
Slip on this luxurious downy mask when you’re feeling at your most deliciously wicked. Masquerading in this fowl finery will ensure nobody can see what nefarious plans you’re plotting.
Mournful Melodies Music Box
This antique music box features a tiny Grim Reaper figurine and plays a haunting lullaby, merging timeless elegance with the allure of the macabre. As an heirloom, this would withstand the test of time.
Lasting Legacy Family Portrait
Adorn your finest room with an heirloom that captures timeless family bonds. This vintage portrait adds a touch of historical charm while boasting the personal touch of the residing household.
Street Eats Digital Content
Peak Freshness Fruit Basket
Street markets are the best place to get fresh food. The stalls are all around with delicious aromas wafting through the streets. While this basket of fruit is more of a display piece, it still makes the mouth water as it reminds you of the nearby night market.
Streetside Stars Shade
Spend the evening under an umbrella that brings the stars to you. The strategically strung lightbulbs give it a soft glow in a unique experience that's perfect for dining under and makes it feel like the stars are within arm's reach.
Quick Treats Grill
It's said that food from the Night Market is the best, so here's a way to make street eats right at home. With this cart shaped grill that makes it feel like you're cooking in the streets, and everything is hot off the grill ready to eat.
Heartbreak Happens Digital Content
&quot;Cry me a River&quot; Eyeliner
Well, that’s unfortunate. You spent all your time getting ready for this date just to be dumped. They could have warned you at least, so you could have put on your waterproof eyeliner. Well, time to wipe your eyes and get back into Cupid’s Corner!
Herbert Heart
You might have a broken heart, but at least you have your Herbert Heart plushie to cry to. It’s your emotional support plushie, coaxing you back from the depths of heartache.
Basic Breakup Double Bed
This bed has seen better days. It’s just a mattress, no sheets. Your ex took your sheets, your heart, and the good plates. But you—you have your dignity. Mostly.
Rockin' Rancher Digital Content
The Rocking Star
Star-quality rocking chair durability for use on your Ranch. The Rocking Star has been stress tested to allow you to rock at up to 120 bpm. Good luck with that.
Softly Spoke n' Petals
This wagon wheel was resting quietly in a prairie of wildflowers until both were combined into this masterpiece. Not since peanut butter &amp; jelly or pickles &amp; ice cream has anything been paired so perfectly.
'63 Twilight Notes Resonator Guitar
A resonator guitar perfect for projecting those creative porch performances across wide acres of Ranchland.
Warm &amp; Cozy Digital Content
Toasty Tootsies Socks
Boasting cozy comfort for all campers, these soft marshmallow socks give you a warm and cozy feeling. Feel the comfort of the campfire wherever your tootsies may take you.
Toasty Tower Lamp
Keep that outdoor comfort flowing even late into the evening activities with this modern warming lamp.
Toast-Tea Kettle
Steeped in comfort, cozy up with a warm cup of coffee, tea or cocoa from this convenient and sleek all-in-one tea kettle that fits perfectly on the Grub-to-Go Appliance Cart.
Fairy Garden Digital Content
Disguised Dwelling Fairy Home
Hidden among the trees this Fairy Home was carved into a tree trunk to keep the secret of Fairies. It's the perfect place for them to sleep and restore their energy, just don't forget to collect the Fairy Dust after a raucous dance party.
I feel like I'm drowning under the pressures of school and lunch is the only time I can come up for air.
Lunch is a great time to make some friends. Who wants to be besties?
The person who invented auto-correct died today. Restaurant in piece.
Hey, {0.SimFirstName}, I invented a new word. Plagiarism!
A skeleton walks into ThrifTea and orders a boba tea and a mop.
I ordered a chicken and egg online. I'll let you know which one comes first.
{0.SimFirstName}, we've been trying to reach you about your refrigerator's extended warranty.
If I go nap in the corner of the cafeteria I might just make it through the rest of the day...
How else would I get the energy to make it through the day?! Food is fuel, and fuel keeps me sane.
I've been looking forward to lunch! Getting to see all my friends and just hang out is the highlight of my school day.
I am truly content at lunch time. No one speak to me, I'm in my happy place.
Lunch is truly the best part of the day.
I hope the answer to number two was shaky handwriting and a single tear, cause that's what I put.
I didn't realize until the very end that I filled out the answer book backwards. Who does that?!
Every single tiny noise distracted me in there. A sneeze made me forget my answer. Total disaster.
Can't tell if I'm happy I did well or relieved that it's over...either way I'm feeling good!
Finals can't take me down! Crushed it!
Everyone's first impression of me is burping during orientation. If you need me I'll be hiding in my locker.
Did anyone do the summer reading? Or first day assignments? Did we even have any? I already feel so behind!
{0.SimFirstName} I'm so happy I have a friend like you.
{0.SimFirstName}, have you thought about taking up guitar? I think you'd crush it.
{0.SimFirstName}, what's up buddy?
{0.SimFirstName}, we should get together and hang out sometime!
Hey Bestie! Hope you're having an excellent day.
Your style is everything, teach me your ways!
A day full of weird small talk, introductions, and ice breakers. No thank you.
First day energy! Everyone's buzzing about!
First day means a fresh start! I'm excited to make some new friends and see what subjects I shine most in!
I have never been more proud of myself. I did it. I made it to graduation. 
Does graduation make anyone else sad? I'm not ready to let go. I'm not ready to grow up yet.
I'm so pumped to be out of school and on to the next chapter of my life!
Goodbye High school, hello adulthood!
There may have been other choices on the ticket, but I was the only correct choice for Prom Jester.
From Class Clown to Prom Royalty. Also the best position in the court, the Prom Jester!
Prom Jester! This is perfect. The hat compliments my outfit and doesn't even mess up my hair.
Zabba la pleeva, {0.SimFirstName}. Farbie za blarf!
{0.SimFirstName} is sneaky like a fox and that's why I don't trust {M0.him}{F0.her}.
If I had a Simoleon every time {0.SimFirstName} was cool, I'd be broke.
{0.SimFirstName} I'm about to BlicBLOCK you into next year. Begone peasant!
{0.SimFirstName}, consider this me throwing shade: Your mother is a llama and so are you!
{0.SimFirstName}, your face is so punchable. Just looking at it makes me want to throw down!
Being on stage... the lights... the stares. I'd rather the crown go to someone who wasn't going to puke.
I'm so proud to be chosen as this year's Prom {F0.Queen}{M0.King}. I will live up to this great honor.
Is there anything better than collapsing into your own bed after a nice long trip?
Traveling is fun but sometimes it's just good to be home. 
Being out and about can be so stressful! I need the calm peacefulness of home or I will lose it.
Everyone looks like royalty tonight, but I'll be the one with the crown! I'm thrilled to be this years Prom {M0.King}{F0.Queen}!
Hello beautiful home! I have returned!
And as the last page turned my soul sunk, for this was the end of a journey I'd never experience the same way again.