E.A.S.L. Easel
A standing tripod frame used for supporting or displaying an artist's canvas. Handcrafted with pride in Salt Lake City since 2011.
Heirloom Easel of the Darong Family
&lt;font color='#199C2C'&gt;From the Lost Legacies Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nOnce a favorite of a Darong family elder, this easel has held his last painting for generations. With the portrait's donation to their museum of art, this easel is now an icon of the Dambele people's creativity and the Darong family's love of painting. Breathe new life into it with every piece you create, and bring the dignified influence of Dambele style to any space.
Small Painting
There's nothing better than creating art.
Medium Painting
Large Painting
There's nothing better than creating art.
paintBrushGEN_01
packageGEN_01
packageGEN_01
Backyard Observatory
Experience the wonder of the universe in your own backyard! This full-size observatory comes complete with your very own high-powered telescope, for optimal stargazing and discreet alien watching.
Object Spawner 48
Object Spawner 47
Object Spawner 46
Object Spawner 45
Object Spawner 44
Object Spawner 43
Object Spawner 42
Object Spawner 41
Object Spawner 40
Object Spawner 39
Object Spawner 38
Object Spawner 37
Object Spawner 36
Object Spawner 35
Object Spawner 34
Object Spawner 33
Object Spawner 32
Object Spawner 31
Object Spawner 30
Object Spawner 29
Object Spawner 28
Object Spawner 27
Object Spawner 26
Object Spawner 25
Object Spawner 24
Object Spawner 23
Object Spawner 22
Object Spawner 21
Object Spawner 20
Object Spawner 19
In the Raw Industrial Table Lamp
Pounded into a rugged circle, this lamp’s hammered steel frame retains the marks of every blow and the bulge of every bolt, staying true to the hands that built it. The three stark bulbs cast an unrelenting circle of light, illuminating the world with raw authenticity.
Personal Spotlight Desk Lamp
Strike a pose and shine! This handy desk lamp can be re-positioned however you like, so you can shine a light on your best work and leave the rest in shadow. 
Royal Embrace Table Lamp
Imagine yourself in the presence of royalty. Slowly the queen steps toward you, the flounces of her gown quivering as she offers a kiss to each of your cheeks. The Royal Embrace table lamp is evocative of such a moment. Curvaceous, be-ribboned and elegant, with regal fleur-de-lis, it casts a royally cold light that is nonetheless enviable.
The Soothelight
Many lamp experts agree that comfort begins with lighting, specifically the lighting that comes from lamps. To give your home a perfectly pleasing aura, try turning on the Soothelight. One flick of your finger and you can feel all your inhibitions melt away.
Time Travelers Into the Future Award
You've been to the future and back again—and all you have to show for it is this award-lamp-thingy. And the memories…ah yes, the memories.
Tiki Topper Island Paradise Award
Brighter than a tiki torch, and clearer than crystal tropical waters, this incandescent award is a happy reminder of Paradise.
Alma Mater University Life Award
You created so many college memories. This luminescent Alma Mater Award is a special reminder of all your Sims learned, failed to learn or already forgot from University. May it shine forever!
Whatever the Weather Seasons Award
This rain-repellant, wind-resistant, UV-protected lamp can withstand temperatures as high as 200°F and as low as -30°F, so your Sims can enjoy it in any season. Hooray!
Enchanted Aurora Supernatural Award
Believe in the power of magic, and the gentle glow of this mysterious lamp will cast a spell over all who venture near. Well, not really. But it’s designed to look like it would.
Your Name in Lights Showtime Award
All the world’s a stage—and now your Sims have their very own spotlight! Cherish this brightly burning lamp, and take a bow in its beam. Bravo!
Paws Anonymous Pets Award
Let your love for Mother Nature’s creatures shine for all the world to see! As a proud Pets owner, you deserve nothing less.
Beacon of Ages Generations Award
This lamp of recognition is fitted with a self-charging battery and NeverDie internal bulb, so your name can be illuminated for many Generations to come.
UV Light Late Night Award
Congratulations! The UV Light Award was designed especially for Sims who love the night life, and so maybe miss seeing this thing called the sun. Casting gentle beams of UV light, this aptly named award ensures your Sims get enough Vitamin D, without daytime waking.
Shine On Ambitions Award
You've got Ambitions, so you should be proud. But you'll be even prouder of this shimmering lamp, which would outshine someone less, well, ambitious.
Never Ending World Adventures Award
In honor of your worldly travels, your Sims can bask in the glow of this ambient lamp, available only in the most culturally sensitive of colors.
The Sovereign
Innocent jellyfish or malicious alien lifeform? You decide, with this great conversation-starter!
Return Desklight
Modeled after the boomerang that incapacitated a president! Some journalist's harmless joke, or a global conspiracy? You decide!
Menorah
Light a candle each day of Hanukkah with this festive menorah!
Kinara
Celebrate Kwanzaa with this festive candle holder. Don't forget to light a new candle each day!
lightTableCandle_bm
lightTableCandle_bm
The Resplendent
Can a piece of furniture make you cry? We don’t mean if you hit your knee on it, we mean through its startling beauty and truth. When we first saw The Resplendent we cried for days, loudly and with no consideration for anyone around us. That’s what REAL lamps do. From Reclamation Homeware.
Happy Panda Table Lamp&#xD;&#xA;
Brighten baby’s day with this adorable panda table lamp! The culturally savvy parasol raises baby’s world awareness, brightening up your baby, too. 
Let There Be Light! Laser Show
Life is always a party with an instant-on laser light show that’s glowing with surprises. Light up the night with special animations featuring the Freezer Bunny or Grim Reaper. It’s Laserrific!
Bartleby Outdoor Wall Sconce
If you're nostalgic for the glow of gaslight but hate the explosions, this Victorian-style electric outdoor sconce is for you. 
Luniverse Outdoor Wall Sconce
Looks like UFO, shines like a beacon. Galvanized aluminum plus a LED light source make for an affordable outdoor lighting option.
Ice Droplet Sconce
On a cold winter’s day, Princess Cordelia would ask her pilot to bring the submarine up to the surface. She loved watching water droplets freezing so beautifully as they dripped from the Eppsilon’s hull. To commemorate and recapture that moment, she designed this wall sconce.
Lloyd Outdoor Wall Sconce
Sooner or later, everyone needs an understated tube of light. Clean lines and modern styling give this outdoor sconce an air of quiet ennui.
Mega Wall Lantern (Deluxe)
When you see the fine craftsmanship of our deluxe Mega Wall Lantern, you’ll want to shake hands with the talented robots who put it together. We can’t let you, though, because they would pulverize every bone in your hand.