Shake Shake-Up
It's the end of a long, tough practice and {0.SimFirstName} ambles towards the benches to refuel alongside {M0.his}{F0.her} rival, Tiny. On the way, {0.SimFirstName} notices there is only a single Protein Shake left, which catches Tiny's eye as well. Should {0.SimFirstName} make a mad dash for the shake or attempt to shove Tiny aside first?
Bash
Dash
Big Bully
Recently, the star player has been specifically bossing {0.SimFirstName} around. It’s becoming aggravating and upsetting; should {M0.he}{F0.she} confront them, or just deal with it?
Confront Them
Deal with It
Write Jokes for an Hour
Click on the Computer and select Write Jokes.
Write Jokes
Write a Fantasy Novel
Write a Children's Book
Click on the Computer, select Write, choose Write Genre Book, and select the Genre.
Write a Biography
Click on the Computer, select Write, and choose any Book Type. Once the book is complete, Click on the Mailbox and Publish it. Sims with high Writing Skill are more likely to create a Bestseller!
Write a Bestselling Book
Click on the icon that appears on the right side of your Sim's portrait while they are at work and select Work Hard.
Work Hard at Work
Click on the icon that appears on the right side of your Sim's portrait while they are at work and select Slack Off.
Slack Off at Work
Click on the icon that appears on the right side of your Sim's portrait while they are at work and select Socialize with Co-workers.
Make Connections at Work
Click on a Treadmill, Workout Machine, or Punching Bag to work out. Alternatively, Sims can jog around the block to get some quick exercise!
Click on the Workout Machine and select Enraged Reps. Sims can perform this interaction while Angry.
Use the Workout Machine
Click on a Rocket Ship and select Zero G Workout. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Fitness Skill.
Work out in Space
Click on a Rocket Ship and select Build.
Work on a Rocket for an hour
WooHoo with {2.SimFirstName}
Click on a Sim and select WooHoo With from the Romantic category.  Sims need to have a romantic relationship to be able to WooHoo. 
Click on a Hot Tub and select WooHoo With. Sims can perform this interaction while in a romantic relationship with another Sim.
Hot Tub WooHoo
Click on the Computer to Enter a Game Tournament. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Video Gaming Skill.
Earn {0.Money} from Gaming Tournaments
Click on a Computer and Enter a Game Tournament in the Play Game.. category and win.
Win a Competitive Game
Click on the Chess Table and select Practice Chess. Sims with higher Logic Skill are more likely to win!
Win a Game of Chess
Click on the Card Table and select a Sim to Play Cards With. Keep in mind, you must have a partner to play with!
Win a Card Game
Click on a Plant and select Weed Overgrown Plant. This interaction becomes available once a plant has weeds.
Weed a Plant
Click on a Plant and select Water with Tears. Sims can perform this interaction while Sad.
Water Plants with Tears
Click on a Plant and select Water. Keep in mind that plants can be overwatered which can end up causing weeds!
Water a Plant
Click on a Mirror and select Freshen Up.
Freshen Up in the Mirror
Click on the TV and select Watch Romance.
Watch Romantic TV Show
Click on the TV and select Watch Kids Network.
Watch the Kids Network on TV
Click on a TV and select Watch Fireplace Channel.
Watch the Fireplace Channel
Click on a TV and select Watch Cooking Shows for Ideas.
Watch the Cooking Channel for Ideas
Click on a TV and select Watch Cooking Channel.
Watch Cooking Show
Click on a TV and select Watch Comedy.
Watch Comedy on TV
Click on a TV and select a channel to watch.
Click on the Computer and select Watch a Gaming Livestream under the Web category. Sims unlock this interaction by increasing their Video Gaming Skill.
Watch a Gaming Livestream
Travel to the Museum by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. Once there, click on a piece of Art to View.
View a Piece of Art at the Museum
Click on a piece of Art to view it.
View a Piece of Art
Win a game after selecting Play Multiplayer or Join Game on a gaming console.
Win a Multiplayer Game on the Video Game Console
Play Density Effect
Play MySims Racing Game
Play Party Frenzy
Click on a gaming console to select a game to play.
Play Video Games on a Gaming Console
Click on a gaming console and select Enter Game Tournament.
Enter a Game Tournament on the Video Game Console
Click on a Sim and select Vent from the Friendly category. Sims can perform this Social while Tense.
Vent to Someone
Use a Workout Machine at the Gym
Click on a Workout Machine and select any of the interactions to use it.
Use the Workout Machine for an Hour
Click on a Workout Machine and select any of the interactions to use it.
Click on the Voodoo Doll to perform Voodoo on another Sim. Don't forget to bind the Voodoo Doll to a Sim first.
Use a Voodoo Doll
Use a Treadmill at the Gym
Click on a Treadmill and select any of the interactions to use it.
Use the Treadmill for an Hour
Click on a Treadmill and select any of the interactions to use it.
Click on a Computer and select Social Networking.
Perform a Social Media Activity
Use a Punching Bag at the Gym
Click on a Punching Bag and select any of the interactions to use it.
Use the Punching Bag for an Hour
Click on a Punching Bag and select any of the interactions to use it.
Click on a Punching Bag and select any of the interactions to use it.
Click on an Observatory to have {1.SimFirstName} Stargaze or Observe the Sky.
Use the Observatory
Click on a Microscope to have {1.SimFirstName} Use it.