Fantastic Food
That food was amazing! I feel full and satisfied.
Delicious Dish
A very satisfying meal! I'll be full for a while.
Palatable Meal (HIDDEN)
Embarrassed from Work
What an awkward day at work today. Hmmm... Ugh.
Confident from Intimidating Lackeys!
Confident from a Big Break at work!
Confident from Asserting Your Power at work!
Confident from Successful Risky Mission!
Confident from Work
After the excellent work done today, {0.SimFirstName} feels like {M0.he}{F0.she} could conquer the world.
Bored from Work
Today may have been the most boring day at work ever.
Worthwhile Lacerations
Nothing a little antiseptic ointment won't clear up.
Wormhole Traveler
Sometimes, the space grass really is greener on the other side.
Unsettling Feeling
Hopefully this amnesia is temporary.
Idea Thief
Nothing's more humbling than this kind of public humiliation.
Beat the Virus
It feels good to be the best virus protection there is.
Wasted Time
Nothing is more infuriating than a lot of wasted time.
Computer Crippled
Recovering all the lost data on this machine will take a while....
Viral Chase
Even 15 minutes of fame for a job well done is a nice boost to the ego.
Useless Mission
Wasting time and resources isn't a good career move.
Poor pooch isn't even a real star--just an understudy.
Ungrateful Pilots
You can just never please some people.
Got a Bargain
There's nothing like scoring great art at a reasonable price.
Deal Thwarted
Bidding low is always a risky endeavor....
Corrected Price
There's nothing like being appreciated for your honesty!
Undefended Galaxy
Probably not so smart to commit that many resources to something so trivial.
Well, that backfired.
Tutoring Worthwhile
It's worth it to see a student's talent really come alive.
Tutoring Wasted Time
The lesson conveyed on the young miscreant didn't take. Alas, one can't win them all.
Spurned by Triangle
Well, that was disappointing.
Tire Challenge Complete
On-the-fly auto repair is just part of the job.
Foiled by Flat Tire
The tire was fixed, but at the expense of looking like a clumsy fool. Oh the shame!
The Best Around
Winning is always a nice ego boost.
Grateful Customer
If it's true that the customer is always right, then the boss's opinion doesn't matter.
Customer Turned Away
It feels lousy to not actually provide good customer service, even if it's policy.
Customer Praise
It feels good to actually help customers and be appreciated for it.
Sold Out Display
Proof that a good display is good for sales!
Buried Customer
Displays should not only be attractive, but safe. Oops.
Flipped Backhoe
Maybe this job should come with hazard pay.
Backhoe Master
It's fun handling such a big machine--and a lot more efficient.
Minimalistic Design
A bit of creativity can go a long way towards impressing both the client and the boss.
Double the Work
Perhaps this wasn't the client to appreciate a creative approach.
Record Speed
Sometimes throwing caution to the wind can pay off.
Proactive Thinking
It may have been risky, but it was worth it.
Hairy Burger
Yeah, that was pretty disgusting.
Five Second Rule
Until it's been on the floor for five seconds, it's not really floor food, right?
Cleaning Show
Cleaning the dining room is no way to spend a break.
Break Time
That break wasn't long enough for the goop to clean up itself. Wonder where it went....
More Practice
Practice does make perfect, after all. Eventually.
Brewed Masterpiece
There is definitely an art to brewing coffee, and {0.SimFirstName} is perfecting it.
Cookie Tantrum
Next time, it might be worth hiding the cookies and pretending they don't exist.
Life Lessons
These children are learning valuable lessons that will last them their whole lives.
Left the Mess
Why do children always wait until their parents are out to do things like this?
Cleaned Up Mess
The clean up wasn't that bad, and the parents are happy.
Brown Paint Everywhere