Favorites
This player has not shared any items.
Downloads
You cannot follow this person.
Block
Player Bio:
Create a Sim items
Build Mode items
You already own this pack.
Pre-Order Now
This pack is unavailable for purchase.
You must purchase The Sims™ 4 to purchase this pack!
Show used items
Show all pack items
Free
Unavailable
{0.String} uses these items:
Pack includes these items:
You must restart to complete the installation
Currently installing
Currently downloading
Vote Left
I Choose This!
Which Do You Choose?
Time's Up! Thanks for participating!
Voting time left: {0.Number}h {1.Number}m
Voting time left: {0.Number}d {1.Number}h
Time is running out. Get your votes in now!
{0.Number}% of players voted for the same selection!
Use the drop down to select your voting content preference.\n\nThe two options below will update to your preference after your next voting choice!
Stylists
Builders
Builders and Stylists
There are currently no more options for you to vote for at this time.
Highlight Right
Highlight Left
The Current Challenge: {0.String}
Choose This or That
Go Vote Now!
Unknown Error. Challenge Data invalid.
Error with rule parsing.
The submission contains a reserved hashtag(s) which is used only for Challenges.
Active Challenge not found.
The required hashtag for the current challenge is not in the hashtags field. This should be an auto generated hashtag. If you are seeing this, something has happened that shouldn't.
I'm sorry, you are attempting to use a reserved hashtag in your Gallery content. This is most likely a conflict with our challenge system, please review your tags and remove the conflict. Thank you!
Your challenge submission has an incorrect pet type in your household. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
Your challenge submission has used content from an Expansion, Game, or Stuff Pack incorrectly. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
Your challenge submission has an incorrect number of Sims in your household. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
Your challenge submission has an incorrect number of pets in your household. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
Your challenge submission has an incorrect lot value. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
Your challenge submission has an incorrect lot type. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
Your challenge submission has an incorrect lot size. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
Challenge submissions can not include Custom Content. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
Challenge submissions can not be Rooms. Please review the challenge guidelines and update accordingly.
The submission contains invalid hashtag/s which are not acceptable for the challenge.
Save is unavailable during Rebirth
Save As...
Return to Game
Unable to exit the game during Rebirth. Progress will not be saved. 
Exit Game
Release Notes
Pack Selection is only available from the Main Menu.
Pack Selection
Menu
Save Game?
Would you like to save your game before exiting to the main menu?
Unable to exit to main menu during Rebirth.
Game Options
Exit to Main Menu
End Tutorial
Manage Worlds and Switch Household are not available in this mode.
Edit world is disabled during Rebirth
You cannot go to Manage Worlds from Main Menu with no Households
Disabled by tutorial
Cannot go to Manage Worlds or Switch Household during an Event.
Manage Worlds
Achievements can only be accessed in live mode
Achievements
Purchase {0.String} as a Residential Rental?
Purchase Lot as a Residential Rental
The {0.String} household is planning to buy a new Residential Rental!
Note: Residences will become Vacation Rentals when placed in a Destination World.
There are no vacation rental terms that this household can afford.
Extend Vacation Rental for {0.String}?
Sell Residential Rental
Move House (U) - Reposition your house
Move Lot - Y
Community lot sub-venues may not be placed without editing.
Are you sure you want to change Venue Types?\nThis will remove all your sub-venues.
This is currently active because of the active Community Space Project.
Active
Part-Time
What would you like {M0.him}{F0.her} to do?
&lt;font color=&quot;#AE3CDE&quot;&gt;Actors will need to join a Talent Agency&lt;/font&gt;
{0.SimFirstName} is at work!
{0.Number} owned
Number of Items available for Purchase
Purchase {0.String} as a Business?
Purchase Lot as a Business
The {0.String} family is planning to open a new Business!