Tarnished Reputation
Dishonest critics never get any respect.
Straight Arrow Partner
How quaint--an honest agent. That was close!
Sly Cheater
Maybe letting others see the answers isn't the worst thing in the world.
Maybe following the lesson plan would have been a good idea after all....
Quizaster
Passed the Blame
It never feels good to get someone else fired.
Helping the Cool Kids
This is a great way to get a quick leg up the popularity ladder!
Knotted Up
Flexibility is important and all, but no one wants to see a bodybuilder all tangled up in a pile of limbs.
Nailed It
{0.SimFirstName} is smart enough to know how important flexibility is to the well-rounded bodybuilder.
Fickle Bride
The Bride never asked for a classical playlist!
Appeased the Bride
No one wants a bride on the warpath on her wedding day.
Anything For Exposure
What's a little &quot;I'll scratch your back if you'll scratch mine&quot; among friends?
Guess that's the reward for doing a good deed.
Ungrateful Rival
Overdid It
That's what you get for doing deadlifts when it isn't leg day.
Having to aid  one's rival as a result of dirty tricks is shameful.
Tutoring Rival
Principal Poisoned
The principal isn't going to enjoy this brownie one bit.
Sticky Keys
It's hard being away from one's instrument for so long.
Spy Games
Isn't it fun to think about who would play you in a movie?
Shamed Bully
A little public humiliation is just the ticket.
It's true what they say--no good deed goes unpunished.
Rewarded Inspiration
Being rewarded for good work feels as good as giving credit where it's due.
It always pays to do the right thing.
Notebook Returned
There are worse nicknames than &quot;Frosty,&quot; right?
Memoirs Canceled
National security and tell-alls don't mix.
This job isn't always mayhem and danger. Sometimes, it's hilarious.
Maybe a couple of hours in the can will dissuade him from stealing anymore lunches.
Job Insecurity
Are purple extremities a good reason to see a doctor?
False Acclaim
It's not a good career move to steal ideas from students.
Critically Acclaimed
It feels great to receive acclaim for pushing boundaries.
Cleaned the Ivories
A bit of elbow grease saved a ton of Simoleons.
Laxative-Laced Brownie
Another Lost Meal
It was an admirable effort, but that meal couldn't be saved.
It feels good to sail ahead of the competition, regardless of how it happens.
Ahead of Rival
Unorthodox Report
Sometimes, the mundane just needs a little creative...tweaking.
That two percent points of failure will never stop stinging.
Total Perfection
Terminally Hot
Looking good does come with some benefits.
Over the Top
There's a reason this is called journalism and not creative writing.
Over Partied
Hopefully the party was worth being destroyed by the competition.
Every movement takes flight when it can articulate its mission.
Movement's Inspiration
The toll of test taking mounts in the form of additional stress and lower scores. Eek!
Lower SDT Score
Lacked Momentum
Without adherents, no artistic movement will ever get off its feet.
In the Gamer Zone
With enough focus, one can be unstoppable.
This score may not be perfect, but it's close enough!
Happy With Results
Feigned Illness
Don't feel like working? Feigning sickness is one option.
Failed Ruse
That did not work out as planned.
It's not flying that's hard. It's landing.
Indignant
Why would someone yell at {0.SimFirstName} for trying to help? WHY?
Fiery Ex
What a terrible service call! What an earful! 
Ex on Hold
Dealing with the ex now in tech support is just as silly as when dating. Click! Next call.
Empty Crowd
At least the crickets applauded.
Writing for TV
One step away from actually appearing on TV!
Lingering Soreness
Sometimes it doesn't pay to play through the pain...
Scammed
What a waste of money and time!
Recaptured Fluffy
All is well! Fluffy has been found!