No Wedding Cake Selected
After you've finished scheduling the wedding ceremony, click on a cake that has been purchased or made and Select as Cake for Wedding Ceremony. This cake can be replaced by running the same interaction on a different cake.
Sales on! Sims are heading to this lot to look for deals. Put out your best items for sale!
Yard Sale
Street Sale
Anyone can throw a party, but a Costume Party-well, that gets people talking. And laughing. And if they’re laughing at you, who cares? You’re already incognito, remember?
Incognito Costume Party
Host a scintillating outdoor cookout including all the fixings! Dawn your finest apron and prepare your best corny jokes to perfect the art of grilling.
Cook Out
You cannot do this while the burglar is on the lot.
Objects Stolen!
The following objects were stolen:\n{0.String}
Objects Retrieved!
The following items were returned to the Household Inventory:\n{0.String}
You cannot modify a lot while the burglar is here.
What a lovely wedding! There's even an extra centerpiece left over in your Sims' household inventory.
Gold Level rewards include a new kitchen appliance.
What a wedding! The guests were so impressed by the festivities they left your Sims a few appliances and decorative items in their household inventory.
Bronze Level rewards include a new book.
Well, your Sims went through with the ceremony at least. You'll find a wedding gift in their Household Inventory.
Not Available for Robots.
Never Weary Sims never need sleep.
Maxed out on Chopstick Experience
Chopstick Savvy
Inspired Explorer
Inspired Explorers build relationships and gain skills faster while outside their home neighborhood.
Collected and turned in the Growfruit that Jasmine asked for.
Growfruit Challenge Complete!
Congratulations!\n\nThe Growfruit Challenge Garden Pot is now available for purchase in Build Mode under the Outdoor Activities section.
Acquired and turned in a Perfect Quality Growfruit to Jasmine.
Perfect Growfruit Challenge Complete!
Congratulations!\n\nThe Perfect Growfruit Challenge Garden Pot is now available for purchase in Build Mode under the Outdoor Activities section.
Perfect Host
Confidante
Beloved
Hilarious
Flirty and Happy Potions
Earn Potions that help your Sim build Relationships faster!
You completed the Always on the Move Discovery Quest and earned some potions!
Potions
Earn Potions that can help your Sims gain Skills faster!
You completed the Skillful Sims Discovery Quest and earned some potions!
Event Points!
Event Points are needed to unlock new Event rewards. You don't actually spend them, you just collect them. Select the Event button or the Event Tab to see more details.
You completed the You and Your Phone Discovery Quest and earned 6,000 Simoleons!
You completed the You and Your Phone Discovery Quest and earned 4,000 Simoleons!
Simoleons!
Simoleons are the currency of your Sims and are used to purchase things like pizza... from your phone!
You completed the You and Your Phone Discovery Quest and earned 2,000 Simoleons!
Needs Potions
Earn Potions that instantly refill your Sim's needs!
Open Inventory
You completed the Navigating Needs Discovery Quest and earned some potions!
You completed the Spruce It Up Discovery Quest and earned 5,000 Simoleons!\nMaybe you should throw a party with that cash and invite the neighbors over.
You completed the Scoring Simoleons Discovery Quest and earned 6,000 Simoleons!
You completed the Scoring Simoleons Discovery Quest and earned 4,000 Simoleons!
Simoleons!
Simoleons are used to purchase new furniture, decorations, and many of the things a Sim will ever need!
You completed the Scoring Simoleons Discovery Quest and earned 2,000 Simoleons!
2500 Satisfaction Points!
500 Simoleons
Satisfaction Points!
Satisfaction Points are used in the Rewards Store to purchase powerful Potions and Traits.
You completed the Lifelong Aspirations Discovery Quest and earned 1,000 Satisfaction Points!
Player
Companion
Beguiling
Webmaster
Handy
Professorial
Silver Level rewards include a new living room item.
Not a bad party! Maybe a little extra seating would make it go better next time. Check your Sim's Household Inventory.
Gold Level rewards include a new electronic item.
Great party! Your Sim's guests thanked them with a new stereo. It's in your Sim's Household Inventory.
Bronze Level rewards include a new book.
Well, that was a mediocre party. Maybe your Sims should study the Charisma book that someone left in their Household Inventory.
Well, it was a party at least. You'll find a consolation prize of a gently used book in your Sim's Household Inventory.
Sims who are Over-Achievers receive a starting salary bonus, earn promotions more quickly, and improve Skills more quickly.
Over-Achiever
Thrifty
Shrewd
Potion Master
Fresh Chef
{M0.Patriarch}{F0.Matriarch}
Vicarious
Spoke with Jasmine Holiday and received the Sugar Skull Display Case.
Jasmine Holiday has placed a &quot;Sugar Skull Display Case&quot; in your household's inventory to help you get started on the Day of the Dead Challenge.\n\nIf you prefer a different color, you can also purchase the case from the Storage section of Build Mode's object catalog.
Bronze Level rewards include a new book.
Your Sims have been rewarded with a Cooking Book for Beginners. It'll be waiting in your Sim's Household Inventory.
Well, it was a cook out at least. You'll find a consolation prize of a gently used book in your Sim's Household Inventory.
Silver Level rewards include a new kitchen item.
Your Sims were rewarded with a new Pot Rack. It'll be waiting in your Sim's Household Inventory.
Great dinner party! There is a decorative pot rack for your household inventory.
Gold Level rewards include a new kitchen item.
Your Sims have been rewarded with a new Coffee Machine and Pot Rack. They can be found in the Household Inventory.
Amazing dinner party! Your Sim's guests left them a fancy coffee maker and a pot rack in their household inventory.
Merciless
Take no mercy and level up your mischief skill faster!
Enhanced Kleptomaniac
Enhanced Kleptomaniacs are less likely to be caught in the act of taking things right in front of the eyes of others.