Display your love of SpongeBob with comfy clothes! There’s a t-shirt, pjs, and you’ll feel especially snuggly in slippers that look like SpongeBob, or his friends. Take your favorite character wherever you go!
A Cheerful Room
Plaster the walls with decals of your favorite characters, including SpongeBob and Patrick! There are toys, like a dollhouse replica of The Krusty Krab, plus pineapple furniture including a dresser and bookshelf ! It’s a collection that’ll make even the sourest squid smile.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Luxury Party Stuff
Experience the all-new Fountain of Mirth
Take advantage of the Mixology and Cooking skills to serve a variety of drinks and snacks, or use the Mischief skill to make things more “exciting” by adding a little something extra. You can find this item in the Bars category in Build Mode.
Indulge in the all-new Buffet Table 
Delight your guests’ with new recipes via a quick click on the table, or prepare and serve your own elevated cuisine! You can find this item in the Bars category in Build Mode.
Dress to impress 
From sparkly sequin dresses to shiny 3-piece tuxedos, your Sims will be the best dressed at any black tie event - or just any event period. Complete their glamorous look with new hairstyles and accessories.  
Party in Style, Live in Luxury 
Throw the most lavish party in town with a collection of flashy furniture &amp; decorations. Add fun and elegant pieces to your Sim’s home.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 First Fits Kit
Fashion is 24/7
Dress child Sims in trendy looks that are fit for birthday parties, the classroom, or just hanging out with friends. These casual looks don’t require a special occasion, but they won’t be out of place at one either.
Dressed to Express
A lifetime of fashion choices starts when you become a big kid and can dress yourself. Give child Sims more ways to express themselves with the kinds of leopard-print jackets, patterned leggings, and colorful shades they’ll want to wear when they grow up.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Bust the Dust Kit
Suck It Up
Find full-size and handheld vacuums in Build Mode for your fight against the encroaching dust. Make your Sim’s chores easier—and more fun! Even kids can help out.
Clean Up Your Act
Explore two new aspirations! Perfectly Pristine Sims won’t let a single speck of dirt remain, while Fabulously Filthy Sims revel in allowing grime to thrive.
Avoid Dust-Ups
What starts as a film of dust builds up into piles, and then takes on a life of its own! As time passes, homes go from clean to dusty to filthy if Sims don’t clean up.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Courtyard Oasis Kit
Go Natural
Invite a refreshing breeze and bright sunlight into the home with new columns, archways, and beautifully latticed wooden windows.
Create Your Oasis
Play with filigree designs, vivid colors, and intricate tile patterns to tie it together, then decorate with hanging lanterns, resplendent textiles, and tropical plants.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Paranormal Stuff
Calm the Spirits
Master the Medium skill and impress Guidry to get a Paranormal Investigator license! With mysterious activity on the rise, it’s up to your Sim to put a stop to it.
Cleanse Your Home
Guidry the Ghost is happy to advise you. Remove accursed objects, perform a séance, commune with the dead, and receive gifts from specters! You can even summon Bonehilda the skeletal maid.
Expect Visitors
Cuteness will absolutely get them everywhere! Appease the mischievous specters to relax in serenity, or let them run amok for scares day and night.
Meet Ghastly Roommates
Your new-to-you home might be home to someone else, too, if it’s one of the new Haunted House Lots!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 SpongeBob's House Kit
Décor from the Depths
Fill your space with items from Bikini Bottom: furniture from floaties or salvaged from ships, a peculiar plant, nautical knickknacks, and more including doors and wallpapers with a variety of swatches from Spongebob’s living room.
Who Lives in a Pineapple?
A pineapple is technically a berry, and your house can be too! Use siding, a roof pattern, and spikey leaves to create a home fit for your quirkiest Sims. You can even use a sand-like floor tile to give your home an “under the sea” feeling.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Little Campers Kit
A Crafty Look
That’s not a cardboard box — it’s a car! Or a rocket ship. Embrace DIY aesthetics with toys, blanket-forts, and even an outdoor projector made out of a bed sheet and other household items.
For the Kids
Let the kids take over the back yard with cute furniture, playful camping gear, and toys. Create childhood memories roasting marshmallows with your stuffed sasquatch pal in the glow of a million string lights.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Blooming Rooms Kit
A Piece of the Outdoors... Inside!
Fill your Sim’s home with cheerful, peaceful plants. Delight in a lush, soothing atmosphere of growth all around with unexpected leafy details and natural beauty.
It's Easy Being Green
Potted and hanging plants transform any room into a small slice of paradise. Vibrant vegetation even takes the place of curtains and wall art. With so many verdant colors, it will feel like living in a literal greenhouse.
Liven Up Your Space
Shelving, tables, and even light fixtures become living décor with the addition of enchanting foliage.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Simtimates Collection Kit
Intimate, Not Exclusive
To inspire confidence in every Sim, we collaborated with MeUndies to create styles that look good on a variety of body types. This collection will help any Sim look bold, flirty, and charming in the bedroom.
The Latest in Lounging
Update your Sims’ intimate wardrobe with fashions based on current material, color, and pattern trends. Lacey bodysuits, a variety of underwear styles, and boxers with playful prints will have your Sims’ bedrooms feeling like runways.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 My First Pet Stuff
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Cottage Living
Enjoy the Simple Living
Benefit from higher quality food while using the new Simple Living Lot Challenge. This new Lot Challenge will require your Sims to cook with fresh ingredients for each meal. Will your Sims be up for the challenge?
Embrace the Countryside
Henford-on-Bagley is nestled in the cozy countryside where everyone knows everyone. Pack for a lovely Picnic or a lose yourself in a Cross-stitch session. Get to know the locals at &lt;i&gt;The Gnome's Arms Pub&lt;/i&gt;, and learn about the town from your neighbors!
Live Off the Land
Whether Sims grow their own produce, gather from the wild, or visit the village market, fresh is best! Up for a challenge? Try growing oversized crops to enter into the competition at the Finchwick Fair.
Raise or Befriend Animals
Chickens and Cows can provide Sims with Eggs and Milk, Llamas provide Wool for crafts (just don’t get spit on!), Wild Birds share their sweet songs, and Rabbits will freely roam… but keep an eye out for mischievous Foxes.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Kitchen Clutter Kit
Family Friendly
The functional, family-focused items in this kit include a lunchbox, kitchen timer, recipe tablet, cookie jar, and more. Whether Sims are cooking or grabbing a quick bite to go, this kit has them covered. It’s perfect for busy families!
Signs of Life
A whole lot of living happens in the kitchen, and this kit will help you highlight that with groceries, open cereal boxes, cleaning supplies, and more. There’s even a refrigerator with magnets and drawings to show the impact of the family on the space around them.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 City Living
Embark on New, Metropolitan Careers
Embark on new careers! Make dramatic speeches as you fight for a cause as a Politician. Show the world how cultured you are as a Food or Art Critic. Inspire the masses and earn followers working in Social Media.
Work Your Way Up from Starter Apartment to Penthouse
Each apartment has unique traits that will enhance your Sims' gameplay. Experience the charm and thrill of your first apartment. Help your Sims work their way up to living in a Skyscraper Penthouse, with panoramic views.
Discover Lively, Cultural Festivals
Enrich and grow your Sims by taking them to different festivals all over the city where they can watch street performers, enter competitions, and meet Sims from different walks of life.
Explore the City of San Myshuno
Explore a densely populated city with a variety of neighborhoods. Paint a mural in the Arts Quarter, sing your heart out at the Karaoke Bar in the Fashion District or shoot hoops in the Spice Market.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Laundry Day Stuff
Dress in Country Style
Outfit your Sims in country-themed attire from floral patterns to everyday denim. Styles include free-flowing tops and bottoms made from natural cotton fibers. Try hassle-free hairstyles that complement your Sims’ comfortable new looks.
Build a Rustic Home
Transform your Sims' home with country-inspired décor that best suits your Sims’ lifestyle. Discover new ways to decorate household rooms with wooden tables and wicker furniture. Add decorative items to rooms from colorful rugs and lively succulents!
Wash Your Wardrobe
Gather your Sims’ laundry, load the washing machine, and then toss them in the dryer for a pristine look. Your Sims can also hand wash their clothes in a washtub, then line dry for a spotless outfit that other Sims will surely notice!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Carnaval Streetwear Kit
Make Every Day Carnaval!
Capture the spirit and aesthetic of Brazil's Carnaval with dynamic clothing, makeup, and accessories for all Sims. The fluidity of the collection encourages Sims to blend these interesting pieces into any look for an abundance of joy.
Curated Looks by Pabllo Vittar
Level up your Sim’s everyday wardrobe with the lively culture of Carnaval, as represented by Pabllo Vittar. Exuberant, fierce, and luminescent, these looks, styles, and colors personify Pabllo’s sense of freedom and fun.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Autumn Apparel Kit
Cozy and Classy
These sophisticated, layered fashions will keep Sims both comfy and put-together with pieces that exude charm, like a wide brimmed hat, wearable purse, and stylish boots.
A Chill in the Air