(From Mirror)
(From Using the Microscope)
(From Mentoring)
(From Reminiscing about a Memory)
(From In the Know Trait)
(From Failing to Haggle)
(From Successfully Haggling)
(From Moonbathing as an Alien)
(From Moonbathing)
(From Moonbathing as a Werewolf)
(From Full Moon Moonbathing as a Werewolf)
(From Clothing Optional Lot Trait)
(From Lot Traits)
(From Work)
(From Work)
(From Jungle Gym)
(From Cheating)
(From Getting Injured)
(From Playing on the Playmat)
(From Bathtime)
(From WooHoo in a Hot Tub)
(From Hot Tub)
(From Splashing)
(From Hot Tub Romance)
(From Socializing)
(From Horrifying Joke)
(From Failed Prank)
Earn a Silver rating on 5 different social events.
So… I’ll call you?
Have a Sim bladder fail while on a date.
World Competitor
Have a Sim reach max level in the Athlete career
Captain of Industry
Have a Sim reach the max level in the Business career
Knack of All Trades
Reach max level in every career in The Sims 4.
Startup Upstart
Have a Sim reach max level in the Tech Guru career.
The Pen is Mightier
Have a Sim reach max level in the Writer career.
I, Spy
Have a Sim reach max level in the Secret Agent career.
Suave Criminal
Have a Sim reach max level in the Criminal career.
Are You Entertained?
Have a Sim reach max level in the Entertainer career.
Flying Colors
Have a Sim reach max level in the Painter career.
Up a Notch
Have a Sim reach max level in the Culinary Career.
Stellar Work
Have a Sim reach max level in the Astronaut career.
Video Gaming Vol 1: Trolling for n00bs
Read this book to level up your Video Gaming skill!
Programming Vol 1: Turn It Off and On Again
Read this book to level up your Programming skill!
Logic Vol 1: An Introduction to Reason
Read this book to level up your Logic skill!
Handiness Vol 1: Try Not to Die!
Read this book to level up your Handiness skill!
25 Satisfaction Points
Spend Satisfaction Points in the Reward Store.\n\nGrab a quick fix emotion potion or choose from a bevy of impactful traits for your Sims and discover new ways to play!
Find these in the Rewards Store available in Live Mode.
Rewards Store
500 Simoleons
The sweet currency of all things good and bad! Use it to spruce up your home or simply stash it for a rainy day.
Find these in your Household Funds available in Live Mode and Build Mode.
Household Funds
Inspired Potion
Drink this potion to enter the Inspired Emotion!
Batfish
The batfish doesn't sleep upside-down, but it has nice, leathery wings to make up for it.
Bird of Paradise
Plant this rare flower and watch it bloom!
Instant Fun
Drink this potion to fill your Sim's Fun Need!
Instant Hygiene
Drink this potion to fill your Sim's Hygiene Need!
Gardening Vol 2: Getting Your Thumbs Green
Happy Potion
Drink this potion to enter the Happy emotion!
Energized Potion
Drink this potion to enter the Energized emotion!
Re-Traiting Potion
Drink this potion to change your Sim's personality traits!
Death Flower
A spooky, yet elegant blossom. Roses just don't cut it for the Grim Reaper. Try this flower to calm his qualms and get out of a deadly situation.  
Want Refresher
Drink this potion to refresh your Sim's Wants!
Trash Fruit
Foul-smelling and inexplicably composed entirely of refuse.
Cowplant Berry
A plantable, strangely bovine fruit.
Jet
Because of its somber coloring Jet is commonly used in mourning jewelry, but it isn’t commonly known that Jet is actually fossilized wood!
Sleep Replacement
Drink this potion to fill your Sim's Energy need!
Moodlet Solver
Drink this potion to instantly remove all negative Moodlets!
Happy Potion