Click to learn more about the Filter Panel.
Windows
Windows can be moved vertically and horizontally along a wall to get the perfect placement.\n\nProTip: Holding the [alt] key allows for finer vertical placement of windows.
Windows can be sorted by height to find the proper window for your wall height. You can also use the Show All sort and find the window height information in the hover tip for each window.
Windows can be placed individually by clicking on the By Window option.  Or they can be placed automatically for an entire room by clicking on the By Room option.
Windows are found in the Build catalog by clicking on the Windows sort in the House Portrait.
Click to learn more about Windows.
Styled Rooms
This is a fast and easy way to instantly create a fully functioning venue!
Ladders have three exit points at the top, which means they can be placed up against a wall on any of their three sides (including the landing). So long as one of their three exit points are accessible, Sims will be able to use the ladder.
If you want to change the style of an existing staircase or ladder, choose a new stair or ladder from the catalog and move your mouse on top of the existing stairs or ladder and click.
To add a Railing to your stairs, click on the Stair Railings sort in the House Portrait. Choose a railing style from the catalog and click on the staircase you want to add them to.
To create a ladder between two floors, select a Ladder style and bring it towards the desired location. Hovering the Ladder over a floor tile at either the base or top of a room, will highlight the ladder green when in a valid placement. The Ladder will snap into place when it is close enough. You can click and drag to rotate the Ladder to suit your desired placement.\n\nNote: Ladders do not create floors. You will need to attach them to existing tiles in order to make them useful.
To create a stairway landing, first raise the foundation to the desired height. Select a Stair style from the Stairs catalog, and bring them close to your desired location. They will snap into place.\n\nIf they are not correctly oriented, click and drag to rotate the stairs.
To create a stairway to a new floor, select a Stair style and bring it towards a Room. The stairway will snap into place when it is close enough. You can click and drag to rotate the stairs to suit your desired placement.\n\nNote: Stairs do not create floors. You will need to attach them to exiting rooms in order to make them useful.
Stairs and Ladders are found in the Build catalog by clicking on the Stairs sort in the House Portrait.
Placed stairs can be adjusted much like rooms and walls. Select an existing staircase and use the side arrows to change the width.\n\nYou can also pick up or rotate a placed staircase by selecting the Move and Rotate options from the context menu.
Stairs, Ladders, and Railings
Click to learn more about Stairs, Ladders, and Railings.
Spandrels
You can remove Spandrels by clicking on the wall and choosing the Remove Spandrels option from the context menu.\n\nNote: Choose the  Build Wall or Build Fence option from the context menu to create either after the Spandrels have been removed.
Click on a style in the catalog and then click on the wall you want to apply the Spandrels.\n\nNote: Spandrels can only be placed on a wall and will move anything already placed on the wall to the Household Inventory.
Spandrels are found in the Build catalog by clicking on the Spandrels sort in the House Portrait.
Click to learn more about Spandrels.
Search
Rotate Object
Default camera style rotates object by clicking the right mouse button when an object is held by your cursor ([ctrl + RMB] will rotate in the opposite direction).\n\nSims 3 camera style rotates objects by using the left mouse button and dragging to rotate.\n\nProTip: You can always rotate an object or block held on your cursor by using the [&amp;lt;] or [&amp;gt;] keys.
Rooms and Walls
Click on the Wall Height options that become available once the Rooms and Walls catalog is open. These allow you to adjust the wall height for the current floor.\n\nNote: Some architectural elements, such as friezes, and some doors and windows, require a taller wall.
Roofs
Roofs are found in the Build catalog by clicking on the Roofs sort in the House Portrait.
Selecting a Roof style from the Roofs catalog will change the current floor selection to the first floor that needs a roof. Place the selected Roof on top of a Room, and then use the available adjustments to fine tune it afterwords.
Add extra style to your roofs with patterns and roof trim!  Both options are found in the Build catalog by clicking on Roof Patterns and Roof Sculptures sorts.
Use the arrows to resize width, length and height. Use the knobs to adjust the curve of the roof.
Click to learn more about Roofs.
Pools
ProTip: Pools will merge with each other to create a single Pool if they share the same exterior walls. This allows you to easily move and manipulate your Pools, and customize the look you are seeking.\n\nNote: Pools and Rooms will not merge since they are different block types. 
Click on the Pools sort in the Build catalog to place a Pool on your lot. There is also a Pools Objects sort for additional touches you can add to a Pool.\n\nNote: There are many Pool shapes to start building with. Mixing and re-shaping them can create something new and exciting! &#xD;&#xA;
Unlike Rooms, there are a few things you are unable to do with Pools. You cannot use manipulator to drag terrain Pools into Rooms or structures on another level--this would be super destructive. You are also unable to remove and build Pools walls via context menu. The water would just flood the space!\n\nProtip: You can drag a Pool into a Room if you first remove the room’s wall.
You can place a Pool in two ways: Directly in the terrain or within an existing room. As with Rooms, clicking on the placed Pool will open up a context menu. Use the Move option to pick up and move your Pool. Use the Rotate buttons to rotate the Pool left and right.\n\nProtip: Rotating can be destructive! Pick up your Pool with the Move option and then use the keyboard shortcut [&amp;lt;] and [&amp;gt;] to safely rotate.
Object Economy
All objects depreciate upon returning to Live Mode. Make sure you have things looking the way you want before you exit Build Mode.\n\nNote: Picking up an object will display its current value in the bottom right corner.
Friezes / Exterior Trims
Friezes and Exterior Trims are found in the Build catalog by clicking on their sort in the House Portrait.
Select the Exterior Trims sort and choose a style, then click on the Room you want to apply it to. Use the Sledgehammer Tool to remove an Exterior Trim.\n\nNote: Exterior Trims can not be placed on the first floor.
Friezes can only be applied to medium or tall walls. The catalog tooltip for a Frieze will indicate the required wall height.\n\nSelect the Frieze sort and choose a style, then click on the Room you want to apply it to. Use the Sledgehammer Tool to remove a Frieze.
Click to learn more about Friezes and Exterior Trims.
Foundations
Click on the Walls View button to toggle between Walls Down, Walls Cutaway, and Walls Up Views.\n\nNote: Walls Cutaway View will hide all walls between your current view and the back wall of your home. As well as cutaway to the active Sim if they happen to be behind the back wall.
To add foundation to your lot, use the Foundation Height Widget. This can be found in the center of a block when selecting it. \n\nAll blocks that are touching the selected block will raise and lower together. You can raise and lower separate non touching blocks independent from one another. Only Blocks of the same foundation height and on the same build level can be connected together. Blocks on different foundation heights and levels will never be able to connect.\n\nPro Tip: When trying to match the height of separate block cluster raise and lower the desired cluster until the blocks of the same height and level highlight white.
Build camera controls include an extra option not available in Live Mode, Top Down View. Toggle this option to switch between your normal build camera view and a top down bird's eye view of your lot.
To change the foundation style, choose a style from the catalog and click on the foundation you want to change. The style will apply to all of the foundation for a single Room.\n\nProTip: You can hold shift to only apply the foundation style to one side of a Room.
Click on the Go Down to Lower Floor or Go Up to Next Floor buttons to change the floor you are currently viewing. Walls will default to up on any floor below your current floor, and will be hidden for any floor above your current floor.\n\nProTip: You can use [PgUp] and [PgDwn] to toggle between floor levels.
Foundations are found in the Build catalog by clicking on the Foundations sort in the House Portrait.
Click to learn more about Foundations.
Fences &amp; Gates
If you start drawing on an existing wall, you'll get a wall railing. Wall railings function exactly as walls.\n\nProTip: You can also create wall railings by choosing Build Fence from a Wall context menu. And then apply a new fence style via the Replace Fence tool.
Select the Replace Fences tool from the Fences catalog. Then select a fence style. Click on an existing wall / fence to replace all wall segments along one side of a Room with the chosen fence.\n\nHold [shift] to replace the entire Room, or [alt] to just replace a single wall segment.
Fences and Gates can be found in the Build catalog by clicking on their sorts in the House Portrait.\n\nThere are two ways to build fences:  by placing them on an existing wall / fence or by drawing them with the Fence Tool.
Yard fences are similar to walls, but do not create floors when enclosed, and can't be widened though their length can be adjusted. And their only context menu option is remove them.\n\nNote: You can also delete them with the Sledgehammer Tool.
Select the Place Fences by Drawing or Place Fence Enclosure to begin drawing a fence. When drawing a fence, you can make two types: terrain fence or wall railing.\n\nIf you start drawing on the ground, you'll get a yard fence.
Click to learn more about Fences and Gates.
ProTip: Rooms will merge with other Rooms to create a single Room if they share the same exterior walls. This includes Rooms placed inside of other Rooms, such as inner courtyards. This allows you to easily move and manipulate your Rooms, and customize the look you are seeking.
You can Remove and Build Walls / Fences by clicking on the wall of a placed Room. Click on a wall to see the available options which vary depending upon the walls current settings. You can also Remove and Build Floors this way.\n\nNote: When a wall has been removed, click on the ghosted wall that appears to get the option to re-build it.
Empty Rooms
Doors
Click on a Room from the Empty Rooms and Walls sort within the Rooms and Walls catalog to place it on your lot.\n\nNote: There are many shaped Rooms to start building with, mixing and re-shaping them can create something new and exciting!
Objects cost Simoleons.  Open up the Objects by … catalogs and hover over an object to see its cost. Objects you can't afford will show up with a red background.\n\nAll unlocked objects are sorted in value order; the least expensive to the most expensive.
Fridge? Baby? Contemporary? Rocket? Whatever you might be looking for, type it in the Search field, click on the Search button (or hit Enter) and see what you find.\n\nMisspelled something? Maybe it will still find what you are looking for or click the X button to start a new search.
Doors are found in the Build catalog by clicking on the Doors sort in the House Portrait.
Click on the Styled Rooms sort from within the Rooms and Walls catalog to browse the pre-made Rooms. Selecting the Room sort along the top switches the catalog of pre-made Rooms to the chosen Room type, such as BathRooms, Dining Rooms, or Kitchens.
Click on the Build catalog and then click on the Rooms and Walls sort found in the House Portrait.\n\nTo build any structure, you will need to start here. Here you can find Empty and Styled Rooms, Wall and Room tools, and any Rooms that you have saved.
Click on a placed Room to open up a context menu. Use the Move option to pick up and move your Room. Use Rotate Room to rotate your Room to the left and right. Or click and drag one of the wall arrows to resize the Room.\n\nProTip: Rotating can be destructive! Pick up your Room with the Move option and then use the keyboard shortcuts [&amp;lt;] and [&amp;gt;] to safely rotate.
The more expensive an object, the more likely it is to provide greater benefits to your Sims. Hover over an object in the catalog to see what type of benefits an object may provide.
You can also choose one of the suggested pop-ups that appear as you are typing.
Doors can be sorted by height, or you can use the Show All sort and find the door height information in the hover tip for each door.\n\nNote: If the door you want doesn't fit on your walls, adjust the wall height at any time by clicking on any block and choose a wall height from the block gizmo.
Click on a Room in the Styled Rooms catalog to get a larger view of the Room.  From here you can buy individual objects or buy and place the whole Room to quickly add a new addition to your house.\n\nProTip: Double click on a Room in the catalog to allow for quick placement of the entire Room.
Click on the Empty Rooms and Walls catalog or the Styled Rooms catalog to browse the different Rooms available.\n\nNote: You can create multiple stories by clicking on the Floor Up and Floor Down arrows in the upper right, and then placing a Room on the upper floors.
Click to learn more about Doors.
If you're holding an item on your cursor, you can rotate it by tapping the . or , keys.
Build Catalog
To add a roof, click on Roofs and select one from the catalog. Once you click to place a roof, your floor view will change to make placement easier.\n\nProTip: A Room without a roof will be lit by the exterior lighting, and may not look the way you imagined it.
Make sure your Sims can get inside your creation and add a Door!\n\nProTip: In Live Mode, let the neighbors know where to go when they visit by clicking on any exterior door and choosing Set as Front Door.
Build Camera
Build Tools
Click Undo to undo the last Build action. Click Redo to redo the last Build action.\n\nUndo and Redo are saved per build session. Once you exit Build Mode, you will not be able to Undo or Redo any changes from a previous Build session.
The Design Tool can be used to quickly change the color choice of objects that have already been placed.\n\nSelect the Design Tool. Click on an object and choose a new color from the swatch pop up. You will not be charged Simoleons for changing colors.
Choose the Sledgehammer tool to delete and destroy.\n\nClick on an object to delete it. Or click and drag to remove a group of similar items (all items to be deleted will highlight yellow).\n\nNote: Bulldoze Lot is found in the Lot Info panel and is used to completely empty a lot. A warning, Bulldoze Lot can't be undone.
The Eyedropper tool is used to copy the properties of a placed object or pattern, as well as some architectural elements (such as fences and spandrels).\n\nClicking on what you want to copy will attach a copy onto the cursor, as well as open to the home location of the copied item in the catalog.
The Select tool is used to select objects and architecture found on your lot.\n\nWhile using any other tool, hitting [Esc] will always return to the Select tool.
Build Mode has several tools to help you build your perfect home.\n\nThe toolbar can be found in Build Mode along the top of the screen.
Can't find what you seek? Try Search. Just type what you are looking for and hit enter (or choose from the suggested items that pop up as you type).\n\nFilters can help to narrow down your search to a specific color or style.
To begin furnishing your home choose between the Objects by Room catalog, where you can imagine the décor of your home room by room. Or the Objects by Function catalog, when you would rather search for a specific functional need.
Use the Build catalog to add doors, windows, roofs, floors, adjust the foundation, or add architectural flourishes like spandrels, roof attachments, trims, and friezes.\n\nOr change the patterns of the roof, floor, and walls; add a fence, gate, stairs, columns, outdoor décor and a fountain, or just paint the terrain. Go nuts!
Start in the Rooms and Walls sort to begin building your home by plopping down fully furnished rooms from the Styled Rooms sub-sort.  Or craft your own rooms by clicking on the Empty Rooms and Walls sub-sort.
To get started click on the Build Mode button in the upper right.\n\nProTip: You can also use F2 to jump directly to the Objects by Room catalog, or F3 to get into the Build catalog.
This lesson will provide a quick overview of the features available in Build Mode! To learn more, select any lesson from this Lessons panel. Or, enter Build Mode and just start clicking around to see what happens.
Build Mode
Platforms
Platforms also double as stages! Your Sims can interact with Sims who are on other platform heights within a reasonable distance.