Mock Someone
Make a Wrench
Make a Tang and Zing
Make a Sunset Valley
Make a Silent Film
Make a Sea Splash
Make a Salty Llama
Make a Sour Punch
Make a Simsmapolitan
Make a Granny Smash
Make a Dim and Gusty
Click on the Bar, select Make Drink, and select the recipe from the list.
Make a Ridgeport
Click on the Phone, go to the Business App, and select Take Vacation Day. Or when it is time to go to Work, prevent your Sim from going to Work by canceling the interaction.
Miss Work
Click on a Sim and select a Social from the Mischief category.
Be Mischievous
Click on a Sim that is Writing and select Mentor. This interaction can be unlocked by maxing out the Writing Skill.
Mentor Someone in Writing
Click on a Sim that is painting and select Mentor. Sims can unlock this interaction by maxing out their Painting Skill.
Mentor Someone in Painting
Mentor someone in Fitness at the Gym
Travel to the Gym by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. Once there, click on another Sim while they are working out and select Mentor. Sims can unlock this interaction by maxing out their Fitness Skill.
Click on another Sim while they are working out and select Mentor. Sims can unlock this interaction by maxing out their Fitness Skill.
Mentor Someone in Fitness
Click on a Sim playing the Violin and select Mentor. This interaction can be unlocked by maxing out the Violin Skill.
Mentor Someone on the Violin
Click on a Sim playing the Piano and select Mentor. This interaction can be unlocked by maxing out the Piano Skill.
Mentor Someone on the Piano
Click on another Sim while they are playing the Guitar and select Mentor. Sims can unlock this interaction by maxing out their Guitar Skill.
Mentor Someone on the Guitar
Click on a Sim who is Repairing or Upgrading an object and select Mentor. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Handiness Skill.
Give Repair Tips to Someone
Click on a Child Sim who is practicing a skill that your Sim is proficient in and select Mentor.
Mentor a Child's Skills
Click on a Child Sim who is working on their homework and select Help with Homework interaction.
Mentor a Child's Homework
Click on a Child Sim working on a skill or homework and select Mentor.
Mentor Child
Click on a Grilled Cheese Plate of Food and select Grab a serving.
Eat Another Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Travel to a Lounge by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. Once there, click on an unknown Sim to introduce your Sim.
Meet Someone New at the Lounge
Travel to a Club by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. Once there, click on an unknown Sim to introduce your Sim.
Meet Someone New at the Club
Travel to a Lounge by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. Once there, click on an unknown Sim to introduce your Sim.
Meet Someone New at the Bar Venue
Click on an unknown Sim to introduce your Sim.
Meet Someone New
Click on {2.SimFirstName} and select a Social from the Romantic category. 
Click on {2.SimFirstName} and select a Social from the Romantic category.
Click on {2.SimFirstName} and select a Social from the Friendly category.
Click on {2.SimFirstName} and select a Social from the Mean category.
Be Mean to {2.SimFirstName}
Click on a child and select a Social from the Mean category.
Be Mean to a Child
Click on a Sim with the Good Trait and select a social from the Mean category.
Be Mean to a Good Sim
Click on a Sim that is a Friend and select a social from the Mean category.
Be Mean to a Friend
Click on a Sim and select a Social from the Mean category.
Discuss Color Theory at the Museum
Click on a Sim and select Discuss Color Theory under the Friendly category. Sims who are Art Lovers can perform this social. Alternatively, Sims can unlock this social by increasing their Painting Skill.
Discuss Color Theory
As a Geek, {1.SimFirstName} wants to have a nerdy conversation with someone.
Debate Captains
Select Play With or Play Together at the Dartboard and win the game.
Win a Game of Darts
Click on an unused Dartboard and select Practice Darts.
Practice Darts
Click on the Dartboard, select Play With. A game must be completed.
Play Darts
Click on a Bonfire and select Dance.
Dance at Bonfire
Travel to the Club by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. Once there, click on a Stereo to dance.
Dance to Music at the Club
Click on a Stereo that is playing music and select Dance.
Dance to Stereo Music
Write a Bar Guide
Click on the TV and select Watch Culinary Training Video. Sims can unlock this interaction by progressing in the Chef branch of the Culinary career.
Watch a Culinary Training Video
Click on the Computer and select Write Mixology Guide. Sims can unlock this interaction by progressing in the Mixology branch of the Culinary career.
Click on the Computer and select Write Cookbook. Sims can unlock this interaction by progressing in the Culinary Career.
Write a Cookbook
Click on a Bed and select Cry it Out. Sims can perform this interaction while Sad.
Cry it Out
Click on a Toddler and select Crush Dreams from the Mean category.
Crush Dreams of Toddler
Click on another Sim and select Threaten under the Mean category. Sims can unlock this social by progressing in the Criminal Career.
Threaten Someone
Click on another Sim and select Pickpocket under the Mischief category. Sims can unlock this social by progressing in the Criminal Career.
Pickpocket Someone
Click on the Computer and select Make Plugin under the Program category. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Programming Skill.
Create a Plugin
Click on the Computer and select Make Mobile App under the Program category. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Programming Skill.
Create a Mobile App
Click on the Computer, select Mod Game under the Program category, and choose a game to mod. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Programming Skill.
Create a Game Mod
Click on the Computer and select Make Virus under the Program category. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Programming Skill.
Create a Computer Virus