An Artist’s Tools
Give your Sims more ways to express their creativity. There’s a new easel, tablet, and woodworking table for Sims to use in their artistic endeavors. Place inspiring still-life references, a backdrop, and other props to really help your creativity flow.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Lovestruck
Date Nights in an Unforgettable City
Fall in love in a city made for romance! Ciudad Enamorada has plenty of places for Sims to meet, flirt, and more. The Singles Hangout Lot Trait attracts available Sims to mingle.
For Lovers of Love
Romance Skill unlocks seductive interactions like Scan the Room for finding compatible Sims. Romance Consultants make a career out of loving love!
All About Attraction
Turn-Ons and Turn-Offs determine how attracted Sims are to each other. Get to know their partners, build up Romantic Satisfaction, and experience different Relationship Dynamics.
Plan hotter dates
Find matches on Cupid’s Corner via phone or computer to set your Sim’s heart racing. Plan your own date. Learn about each other over Party Games, dress up with the Costume Trunk, and enjoy the Romantic Blanket for that special moment.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Get Together
Discover Windenburg!
Explore this beautiful new world with its scenic neighborhoods and lively hotspots including local pubs, cafes, and discotheques, as well as the mysterious ancient ruins, picturesque bluffs, and the sprawling Von Haunt Estate.
New Dancing &amp; DJ Skills
Pump up the crowd by creating the perfect mix on the DJ Booth. Then jump on the dance floor, challenge other Sims to a dance battle, and show off your dance moves.
Get Together
Meet up with other Sims for exciting group activities including bonfires, foosball, darts, Don’t Wake The Llama, and more! There’s always a great reason for your Sims to get together! 
Create &amp; Join Clubs
Create and join unique Clubs where you set activities, select the members, choose their style, and customize their hangouts. Playing with your Clubs also unlocks Club Perks for you to enjoy!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Discover University
Express Your Campus Style
Develop your Sim's personal style in any way you choose – whether wearing late-for-class sweatpants or their best-self slacks, there’s always a way to show school spirit or impress a classmate.
Meet, Mingle, and Explore
How your Sim embraces college life is up to them. Study all night or chill out. Embark in many activities like juice pong, soccer, and hang out with roommates. Sims can join school organizations, or even a mysterious secret society.
Class...with Class
Attend a class or work on term papers and presentations – the more your Sim learns, the better they will be in careers like teaching, law, and engineering. Going to classes or blowing them off will affect your Sim’s grades, so time management is a must.
Settle into School
Enroll in the historical University of Britechester or modern Foxbury Institute. Live in a dorm room or off-campus, explore Britechester on a bicycle, spend time in the student commons, and have a study session at the library.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Tiny Living Stuff
Stay Snug in Style
Outfit your Sims in comfy new CAS items, like a dress-shirt or turtleneck that represent their low-key lifestyle.
Keep it Cozy
Customize your Sims’ tiny homes with space-saving combo objects like the all-in-one Stereo, TV, and Bookshelf, and sleek furniture with a pop of color. 
Maximize Your Mini
Make the most out of your Sims’ space with the Murphy Bed combo. This medium-sized furniture combo comes with a Two-Seat Loveseat attached to a large Storage Compartment.
Build Your Small Space
Downsize your Sims’ dwellings with this brand-new, residential lot that provides fun-sized challenges and unique benefits to your Sims when they meet the tiny home requirements.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Kids Room Stuff
Kids Fashion
Trendy yet playful kids clothing and hairstyles let Sims showcase their individual style, or highlight their obsession with the latest tween heartthrob.
Customize Kids Rooms
Build kids bedrooms that are both expressive and full of style. Excite your Sim’s imagination with colorful new furniture and themed decorations ranging from space robots to fun flower flourishes.
Play with Puppets
With the all-new puppet theater and a bit of imagination, Sims can tell a variety of whimsical stories to entertain an audience of family and friends.
Battle with Monsters
Collect and trade monster cards featuring your Sim’s favorite magical creatures. Use cards in the electronic battle station to bring them to life and challenge friends to a monster duel that’s sure to excite.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Horse Ranch
Enjoy a Thriving Community
Chestnut Ridge has a lively social scene. Your Sims can go into town to meet friends at the bar, blow off steam at the dance hall, or train at the equestrian park. They can host cookouts and dances on their ranch, and hire a Ranch Hand to help when the work builds up. 
Make a Life on the Ranch
Spend your days keeping your animals happy and clean, harvesting Prairie Grass to feed them, collecting Manure to fertilize your plants, and making your own Nectar. Do it all on a ranch you design.
Bond with Animals
Fill your ranch with adorable Mini Goats and Mini Sheep and invite neighbors to see how cute they are. Raise foals to become lifelong companions and champions.
Own and Train Horses
Ring the bell to summon your Sim’s own live-in butler who can cook meals, tidy the home, greet guests, and fulfill most every request. Praise the butler to receive quicker service that’ll keep your Sims living luxuriously.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Adventure Awaits
Adventure Around Every Corner
Explore Gibbi Point's neighborhoods: Wanderwood Wilds, Crystal Valley, Jellyfish Junction. Meet unique Sims, uncover quests, and see the Underlight Bay. Attend festivals, start a Park Worker Career, or enjoy themed Getaways. Find the Plumbird!
A Life of Play
Fun is for all ages. Build skills with Papercraft, Entomology, Diving, and Archery. Make Papercrafts, raise Butterflies, Trade Collectables, and go Kayaking! Spin Bikes and Free Weights keep adults active. Refresh with smoothies from the Blender.
Adventure Starts at Childhood
Childhood fun shapes life! Kids develop traits through Formative Moments and Childhood Sentiments. Customize playgrounds, play games, and have Imaginary Friends with unique personalities. Choose from Goofball, Competitive, Creative, or Evil dolls.
Time for a Getaway?
Embark on new experiences with Getaways and Custom Venues. Plan activities for Sims to recharge or compete with Elimination Rules. Build unique venues and share them on the Gallery. Adventure Awaits wherever you plan your Getaway!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 My Wedding Stories
Tie the Knot
When it’s finally time, feel the love and live out every fantasy. Exchange vows, rings, and kisses at the altar before the real celebration starts. Kick it off by serving tea for the family, or head right to the reception.
Bring Your Vision to Life
Get into the details of upcoming nuptials as Sims select their wedding day attire and everything else they’ll need for the big moment: menu, décor, schedule, venue… all of it!
Prep for the Big Day!
Popping the question is just the beginning of your Sim’s wedding experience. Once they’ve said yes, the excitement and nerves set in—there’s so much to plan!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Home Chef Hustle Stuff Pack
Fresh Chef Styles
Your cooking adventure wouldn’t be complete without the right fashion. Kitchen-ready hairstyles, food themed accessories, and aprons for the whole family will have your Sims looking like serious amateur chefs.
Feed the Neighborhood
Turn your love of cooking into a side hustle! Sims can open their own small business with the new food stand and sell tasty treats and mouthwatering meals to neighbors.
Small Appliances, Big Upgrade
Outfit your kitchen with small appliances like a stand mixer, waffle maker, or countertop pizza oven to expand your culinary horizons. As Sims upgrade their skills, they’ll be able to do more with these new appliances and discover more delicious recipes.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Cool Kitchen Stuff
Good-enough-to-eat style.
You can’t have a kitchen renovation and then show up in yesterday’s fashions. A variety of new hairstyles and trendy, casual apparel will ensure your Sim is eating their ice cream in style.
Give your kitchen a makeover.
From cabinets with frosted glass doors to new stainless steel appliances, create the coolest kitchen worthy of a master chef for your Sims to cook and chill in.
Get the all-new ice cream maker!
Every day is Ice Cream Day! Enjoy your tasty treat with various toppings ranging from chocolate sauce to cherries. Between hard serve, soft serve, gelatos, sherbets, and sorbets, you’re sure to find the perfect flavor to delight your Sim!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Industrial Loft Kit
Expose the Elements
Metallic vents, piping, and lighting fixtures evoke a sense of history that melds with modernity. Make the most of the space with sliding double doors and large windows that fill it with light.
Curate the Contemporary
Trendy wood and steel frames give weight and character to this furniture collection for a comforting, warm aesthetic. Smaller features like sharp angles, wheels, and mesh mix and match neatly.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 StrangerVille
Secret Lab
Locals say ever since the Secret Lab got built, the town has been…acting weird. But the only way to find out is to investigate! Traverse the lowest levels of the Secret Lab and see what hides behind the curtain.
Leave No Stone Unturned
With the new StrangerVille Mystery Aspiration, your Sims will be in headfirst into the investigation. Can your Sims uncover what is truly behind what is plaguing the town?
Roger That
Join the all new Military Career, where your Sim can become a Grand Marshall. Or maybe take the path of a Covert Operator to keep tabs on suspicious (or maybe, not that suspicious *wink*) Sims in the world.
Welcome to StrangerVille!
A seemingly normal world shrouded in secrecy. Watch the world change before you as you dig deeper and deeper into the mystery. Unravel its secrets to the world, fall in love with its charm.