Mega Window (Double Budget Grand Deluxe DeLite)
We produced this window by combining the plans for all of our other Mega Windows. It’s pretty good quality, a great size, decently attractive… It’s not necessarily everything you want but it’s certainly none of the things that you don’t want! Buy dozens!
Mega Window (Reverse Shutter)
Thanks to an error that flipped the blueprint image we scanned into the database of our assembly line robots, we have manufactured thousands of windows with the shutter attached to the wrong side. Use with our original shuttered Mega Window to create a nice symmetrical look.
Mega Window (Shutter)
We wanted a window that would practically scream “handmade antique.” That’s why we programmed our battery of assembly line robots to add a quaint wooden shutter to our popular Mega Window. You won’t believe the hands that made it were 40% tungsten!
The Craftsman
Simple yet decorative, these hand-carved wooden windows add beauty to any Craftsman home.
Mega Window
99.9% of our antique windows are mass produced on our assembly line; however, as a special promotion, we had an actual human artisan come in and hand carve 100 Mega Windows. We won’t tell you which ones are his, but if you buy enough to cover your house there’s a good chance you get at least one, right?
Mega Window (Cloverleaf)
This window is the result of a design challenge. We asked our assembly line robots to produce something that would let in as little light as possible but still be considered a “window” by human standards. Despite the rather subjective requirements of the test they did quite well!
Mega Window (Double Budget DeLite)
What’s that you say? Six panes of Glaz aren’t enough? You want even more of our proprietary glass substitute in your antique window? Well say no more. We had our assembly line robots stick two Mega Windows together using the finest wood glue on the market. Now you can show all the neighbors that you’re a twelve-paner!
Mega Window (Budget DeLite)
For the budget-conscious consumer with a taste for antiques, we offer the Budget DeLite version of our popular Mega Window. Carved from discarded holiday trees that we buy in bulk, each window features 6 panes of Glaz, our semi-transparent glass substitute.
Mega Window (Budget DeLuxe)
If you like your windows to be a piece of glass in a wooden frame, oh boy, have we got the window for you! This is the window that gets manufactured when we press the “Test” button after rebooting our assembly line robots.
Arch You Happy to See Me?
This dramatic architectural feature is both arresting and appreciated.
Mega Window (Grand Deluxe)
Robots have difficulty with the concept of human excess, but we were able to work around that by swapping their definitions for “efficient” and “inefficient.” Now our window-crafting bots have been able to manufacture our grandest window yet, the Mega Window Grand Deluxe!
Mega Window (Double Grand)
We asked the AI for our assembly line robots how it could construct a window that was twice as good as the Grand Mega Window, and it produced this in reply. We’re still not sure if it was being sarcastic or not.
Mega Window (Grand)
It turns out that robots are incredibly good at breaking glass. When we realized our assembly line robots smashed 30% of the windows they constructed, we found a simple solution: program them to feel deep shame whenever they break a window. Now we get beauties like this Grand Mega Window without so much as a chip in the glass!
Mega Window (Double Deluxe)
At MegaMission Outdoor Warehouse, every one of our antique windows and doors is made by hand by assembly line robots. Now, thanks to a slight error in a recursive function in their deluxe window-crafting program, we have produced thousands of high quality double windows. Some of the greatest inventions were born from simple errors!
Old Meets View
Add an air of old world charm with an eye-catching, mission-style arched window.
Mega Window (Deluxe)
People always ask us how we are able to make such a narrow window at such high quality. The answer is simple! When we program our assembly line robots to make windows, we set both “narrow” and “high quality” to true!
Glacemaster 1700C - Combo
No proper fenestrator could go without the Glacemaster 1700C--supreme among household windows. The Combo version.
The Lofty Looker
The epitome of urban chic, this extra-tall window is ideal for lofts, warehouses and other repurposed spaces.
Quadruple Awning
Get the ultimate in ventilation without risking a fall!
The Looker
Undeniably chic in an urban sort of way.
Tête-à-Tête
A classic modern solution for households with short and tall inhabitants.
Square on Square
Get more symmetry for your Simoleons with this ultra-chic modern window set.
TriPane Three-Panel Window
This three-panel window gives any room a wide, bright bank of light. Perfect for indoor living that feels like it's outdoor.
Light Box Window
Clean. Simple. Minimal. Perfect.
Bunker Bather
Ideal for basements or rooms where privacy is essential, this high-set window bathes your darkest secrets with beautiful natural light.
At Kindermade, we surveyed five hundred children about the perfect name for their toy unicorn. At least 75% of them suggested some kind of dessert-related word. Next time we’ll conduct the survey after their snack time. Introducing, WaffleKone the Llamacorn!
Little Squeakheart
This squeaky friend will be a great addition to your little one's collection. Prepare your ears!
Kindermade Kinderrattle
Shake, rattle, and roll! Whether they're imagining themselves as part of an ensemble or just enjoying the sound, your tots will have a blast shaking this Kindermade rattle toy around.
Koalafied Best Buddy
Don't be fooled by this cute and cuddly marsupial. Despite sleeping most of the day, this koala has been known to liven up with the crinkliest of crinkles to keep your tots entertained. A koala-ty good time!
Moon Panda Toy
&lt;i&gt;This toy was granted for the New Lunar Year of the Pig, starting in February 2019.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nAs the animals celebrated the New Lunar Year within the grand hall, the Panda sat alone outside. He did not receive an invitation, and thought it disrespectful of him to join the party.\n\nHe soon left and wandered to the riverside. Among the bamboo reeds along the water's edge, he sighed so loudly, a river spirit heard his cry. “Why so forlorn?” the spirit asked. At the end of the Panda's tale, the spirit told the Panda, “I will not allow you to be forgotten…”  Moonlight bathed the Panda, and the surrounding bamboo reeds sprouted buds in the shape of little pandas.\n\nLater, children plucked the panda-shaped bamboo, painted them with favorite colors at home, and shared them with other children. Somewhere else, the Panda smiled, and continued chewing a bamboo stalk.
Rubber Ducky makes bath time fun.
Classic Wood-Mobile
While not the classic sports car look, this toy has that toddler favorite style called wood. It's durable for any crash that might happen while playing.
Butterfly McButterflyface
It doesn't actually fly, but if it did how majestic would that be? It's not a problem since the imagination of a child can turn any ordinary object into a mythical creature with a funny name.
Tentacle Tom
Scary, yet cuddly! Your child will love playing with their tentacle friend in the sea of imagination.
Mr. Blue Bear
This soft, cuddly bear is perfect for toddlers and kids alike. Teaching your kids to bond with inanimate objects is the first step towards creating a materialistic teenager.
Clara Doll Head
The Clara Doll is highly collectible.
Chaz Doll Head
The Chaz Doll is highly collectible.
Victorian Lady Doll With Hat
This elegant doll with her jaunty straw hat and wrap is ready to take a stroll on the streets of any Victorian city you can imagine. Filth optional.
Princess Doll
This pretty pink princess wants to do all the things pretty princesses do, like choose a dress for the ball and get menaced by a dragon. Dragon sold separately.
Lady Knight Doll
This knightly damsel can save herself! And look effortlessly stylish while doing it, too. Huzzah!
Clara Doll
High quality plastic and non-toxic paint make this mass produced Clara doll an acceptable toy for the toddler who likes to chew on everything.
Chaz Doll
No small or loose parts means that this Chaz Doll is ideal for little ones who can’t be trusted not to eat...everything.
The Pandora
The Pandora is Kindermade's premier storage solution for your tot's toys. Not only will it keep the playthings from taking over your house like a horde of escaped demons, but this model is lead-free up to the specifications of our factory’s home country!
Chomper The Devourer
Chompy the Monsta's big cousin who loves to eat toys. Chomper is happy to hold onto toys for any child that needs a space to clean up their messy room.
toothbrushGEN_01
toothbrushGEN_01
Gemologist's Wire Cutters
Gemologist's Wire Cutters
Repossession Harvester
If you think a couch would be too big to fit inside... you'd be wrong. This is the Repossession Harvester, after all! Nothing can stop it! Except maybe a well placed bribe. Or paying your... you know... debts. Yeah, that could stop it.
Gardening Vacuum
This Gardening Vacuum will weed your plants for you.
toolTrowelGEN_01_Placeholder_Name
toolTrowelGEN_01_Placeholder
toolTongueDepressor_bm
toolTongueDepressor_bm
toolThermometer_bm
toolThermometer_bm