Use the Microscope
Click on a Rocket Ship and select Install Maneuvering Thrusters under the Upgrade Category.
Upgrade Rocket with Thrusters
Click on a Rocket Ship and select Install Landing Stabilizers under the Upgrade Category.
Upgrade Rocket with Stabilizers
Click on a Rocket Ship and select Install Landing Computer under the Upgrade Category.
Upgrade Rocket with a Landing Computer
Click on a Rocket Ship and select Expand Fuel Storage Tank under the Upgrade Category.
Upgrade Rocket Fuel Tank
Click on a Rocket Ship and select Install Ion Cannon Defense System under the Upgrade Category.
Upgrade Rocket Defense System
Click on a Rocket Ship and select Install Cargo Bay under the Upgrade Category.
Upgrade Rocket with More Cargo Space
Click on an Appliance, Electronic, or Plumbing object and select Upgrade. Sims can Unlock this interaction by increasing their Handiness Skill. Upgrade Parts can be purchased from a Computer.
Upgrade an Object
Try for Baby with {2.SimFirstName}
Click on the computer and select Troll teh Forums under the Socialize category.
Troll Web Forums
Click on the Bonsai Tree and select Shape or Prune Shape. Sims can create different shapes by increasing their Gardening Skill.
Trim a Bonsai Tree
Travel to the Park by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. From there, you can select which Sims you want to go with!
Travel to the Park
Click on another Sim and select Perform Background Check. Sims can unlock this social by progressing in the Diamond Agent Track of the Secret Agent Career.
Perform a Background Check on Someone
Click on the Telescope and select Search for the Truth. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Logic Skill.
Search for the Truth
Click on a Sim and select Scare under the Mischief category. Sims can unlock this social by increasing their Mischief Skill.
Scare Someone
Rummage in Trash
Click on a trash can and Rummage for Food in it.
Click on a Sim and select the Rude Introduction social.
Rudely Introduce Self
Click on a Sim and select a Social from the Romantic category. 
Do Something Romantic
Click on a Mirror and select Practice Pick-up Lines. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Charisma Skill and being Confident.
Click on a Mirror and select Practice Pick-up Lines. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Charisma Skill and being Romantic.
Practice Pick-up Lines in the Mirror
Click on a Plant and select Revive Plant. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Gardening Skill and collecting Twigs. Twigs can be gathered through Shaping Bonsai or Harvesting plants.
Revive a Dead Plant
Click on a Computer and select Research Workout Tips under the Research category. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Fitness Skill.
Research Workout Tips
Click on the computer and select Browse Simpedia under the Web category.
Browse Simpedia
Go on a Research Binge on the Web using any Computer.
I Need More Ideas!
Click on the Computer and select Research Advanced Game Strategy under the Web category. Sims unlock this interaction by increasing their Video Gaming Skill.
Research Video Games
Click on the Computer and select Look for New Recipes under the Web category. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Cooking Skill.
Research Cooking Techniques
After repairing an object, a pile of junk is created. Click on one of these piles and select Scavenge for Parts to earn Upgrade Parts. Alternatively, Sims with high Handiness Skill can Scavenge Parts from broken objects which destroys the object completely.
Salvage Parts
Click on a broken object and select Repair.
Repair an Object
Click on the Computer and select Refine Comedy Routine. Sims can Refine a Comedy Comedy Routine after they have Composed it and Performed it using the Microphone.
Refine a Comedy Routine
Research on a Computer at the Library
Travel to the Library by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. Once there, click on a Bookshelf to find a book to read.
Read a Book at the Library
Click on a Bookshelf to find a Book to Read.
Read Something
Select a Bookshelf to find a Skill Book under the Purchase Books interaction.
Read Any Skill Book
Select a Bookshelf to find a Fantasy Book under the Purchase Books interaction.
Read Any Fantasy Book
Click on a Sim and select Rant and Rave from the Friendly category. Sims can perform this Social while Angry.
Rant and Rave to Someone
Eat sub par meat substitutes? Complain About Flavorless Meat Substitutes.
Complain About Flavorless Meat Substitutes with another Sim
You know what's good? Vegetables! Evangelize Vegetarian Benefits with another Sim and maybe they'll eat something green.
Evangelize Vegetarian Benefits with another Sim
If you bump into another Vegetarian, Enthuse About Vegetarianism.
Enthuse About Vegetarianism with another Sim
Click on a Treadmill and select Rage-Fueled Run. Sims can perform this interaction while Angry.
Rage Run on the Treadmill
Buy a Fish Bowl in Build Mode and select Purchase Fish to stock it!
Purchase a Fish
Publish 3 Books
Earn {0.Money} from Publishing Books
Click on the Computer, select Write, and choose any Book Type. Once the book is complete, Click on the Mailbox and Publish it. Sims with high Writing Skill are more likely to create a Bestseller!
Publish a Book
Click on {2.SimFirstName} and select Propose under the Romantic category.
Get Engaged to {2.SimFirstName}
Click on a Sim and select Propose Crazy Scheme from the Friendly category. Sims can perform this Social while Confident or Inspired.
Propose Crazy Scheme to Someone
Click on a Sim and select Propose Crazy Scheme from the Friendly category. Sims can perform this Social while Confident or Inspired.
Click on a Sim and select Noxious Cloud under the Mischief category. Sims can unlock this social by increasing their Mischief Skill.
Prank Someone with a Noxious Cloud
Click on a Sim and select Trick Handshake under the Mischief category. Sims can unlock this social by increasing their Mischief Skill.
Prank Someone with a Hand Buzzer
Send a Chain Letter
Click the Phone and select Make a Prank Call. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Mischief Skill.
Make a Prank Call
Click on a Sim and select Air Horn under the Mischief category. Sims can unlock this social by increasing their Mischief Skill.
Prank Someone with an Air Horn
Select any Prank related interaction on Sims or objects! Prank interactions are available on Sims in the Mischief Category.
Prank
Click on a Computer and select Practice Writing.
Practice Writing
Have your Sim perform any skill-building activity each day to become Dedicated.
Practice Until Perfect