A pile of embers is all that remains after fire has run its course.
Alertz Smoke Alarm
A smoke detector that has all the features you need--an overzealous sensor and a screechingly loud alarm. Buy one for every room!
Sims Sessions Ticket
A ticket to the exclusive &lt;b&gt;Sims Sessions&lt;/b&gt; music festival, headlining Bebe Rexha, with additional performances from Joy Oladokun, and Glass Animals!\n\nClick on ticket for more information, once it is placed on a wall or from your Sims' Inventory!
Attractive World Fence with Posts
Extended Attractive World Fence
Attractive World Fence
World Fence with Posts
Extended World Fence
World Fence
Tall World Fence with Posts
Tall World Fence
Small World Fence with Posts
Extended Small World Fence
Small World Fence
Small Brick Wall Post
A small fence post made of brick.
Small Brick Wall
A small brick wall.
Brick Wall Post
A fence post made of sturdy brick.
Brick Wall
A sturdy brick wall.
Family Portrait
The late great novelist, Wouldiwas Shookspeared, once commented, &quot;The past and present are merely parts of speech.&quot; Just like this Family Portrait is a collection of your past and present, hanging on your wall. Or... in your memories if you are just storing this under an old comforter in the attic.
Eyeliner Pencil
An eyeliner pencil.
Spraying Water Emitter
Steel and Glass Double Door with Tall Transom
Steel-framed double door set topped with a wide rectangular transom lends the illusion of extra height to your commercial storefront.
Steel and Glass Double Door with Narrow Transom
Steel-framed glass commercial double door set topped with a narrow transom. Storefront-ready.
Commercial Double Door with Push Bar
A durable commercial double door set. Push bars allow easy entrance for your customers.
Double Door Framed By Faux Columns
Sturdy double doors framed by fanciful faux columns add dignity to any interior.
Double Door with Arch, Fanlight and Sidelights
Stately and impressive, this entryway features the full monty -- a double door with two sidelight panels and a fanlight under a classic keystone arch.
Framed Double Door
Wooden double door framed with eye-catching wooden trim.
Double Door with Sidelights and Faux Columns
Ornate wooden double door suitable for your fanciest entryway.
Double Door with Curved Panels
Wooden double door with curved door panels.
Trabeated Wide Entry Frame - Elevated Height
A simple but effective example of a trabeated entryway. This wide, elevated-height frame uses a load-bearing lintel to provide structural integrity.
Trabeated Wide Entry Frame - Extended Height
A simple but effective example of a trabeated entryway. This wide, extended-height frame relies on a load-bearing lintel to provide structural integrity.
Trabeated Wide Entry Frame - Medium Height
A simple but effective example of a trabeated entryway. This wide, medium-height frame depends on a load-bearing lintel to ensure structural integrity.
Trabeated Entry Frame - Elevated Height
A simple but effective example of a trabeated entryway. This elevated-height frame depends upon a load-bearing lintel to ensure structural integrity.
Trabeated Entry Frame - Extended Height
A simple but effective example of a trabeated entryway. This extended-height frame utilizes a load-bearing lintel to maintain structural integrity.
Trabeated Entry Frame - Medium Height
A simple but effective example of a trabeated entryway. This medium-height frame relies upon a load-bearing lintel to provide structural integrity.
Trabeated Entry Frame
A simple but effective example of a trabeated entryway, which depends upon a load-bearing lintel to provide structural integrity.
Mission-style Arch
A curved entryway with Mission detailing. Makes a lovely garden gate.
Door #82728 by Pointless Renovation
This door sorta just appeared one day. We don't know where it came from, and weird things have happened ever since, but we can't remove it so...Door #82728 it is.
Door #3125 by Pointless Renovation
Everyone loves an open concept floor plan, but when you're renting there's only so much you can change. We made this frame to slot right in and bring your rooms together. You know, your kitchen and living area, bedroom and bathroom, and even all four together! Who needs privacy!
Door #51323 by Pointless Renovation
Who needs a doggie door when this extra wide frame is perfect for bringing the outside in? At least that's what our fuzzy friends suggested in their testing feedback. Just be careful it doesn't let the smelly one in...
Pointless Renovation
Missing walls make the perfect statement in a home. Feel the freedom of having no doors! Let the crossbreeze flow through you.
Door #118211 by Pointless Renovation
A group of kids won the opportunity to test this frame, and they took it to some kind of white sheet party. We're still finding leftover SugarFizz on it, but the good news is it holds up great.
Door #242 by Pointless Renovation
It took 241 doors to perfect our first addition to the Pointless Renovation line. Not to worry, 240 of those doors were repurposed to Plumbob Picture's next blockbuster: Day of the Doors! Where's door #241? We're guessing some starlet stole it.
Wide Entry Frame
A simple post-and-lintel entryway, designed extra-wide to lend a sense of space to adjoining rooms.
Tallest and Widest Prairie-Style Entry Frame
The tallest and widest of our Prairie-style frames, the Tallest and Widest Prairie-style entry frame is taller and wider than the rest of the tall or wide Prairie-style frames. It's pretty tall and wide.
Taller and Wider Prairie-Style Entry Frame
Open up your space by adding this new entry frame, taller and wider than our original.
Wider Prairie-Style Entry Frame
This post-and-lintel entry frame is an extra half size wider and has the same Prairie-style detailing as our original frame.
Tallest Prairie-Style Entry Frame
Our tallest post-and-lintel frame fits just right in the loftiest of rooms.
Taller Prairie-Style Entry Frame
If you needed a taller entryway with Prairie-style detailing, this is the perfect option.
Arch with Keystone
The keystone arch has been an architectural staple since Roman times.
Prairie-Style Entry Frame
Post-and-lintel entry frame with Prairie-style detailing.
HBD Double Front Door
With its glass front and windowed frame, this front door will welcome any fellow Sim into your home...tempered glass comes standard.
HBD Luxe Front Door
For Sims who prefer a statement door, we give you the Luxe Front Door! It still goes with the rest of the set but has a more modern and geometric twist.
Door 2 Wide
Door 2 Wide is twice the door Door 1 Wide is, no matter what Antonio says! Why settle for 1, when you can have 2.
Victorian Dollhouse
This classic dollhouse will transport your dolls back to the Victorian Age, a wonderful time when women wore corsets, men wore bowlers, and children were industrious and hardworking. Some of these values are still held today on the Kindermade Factory Fun Floor!
Modern Life Dollhouse
The folks at Kindermade have made their fantasy home just for you. This dollhouse features modern amenities like refrigeration, indoor plumbing, electricity, and more! Your doll family will have all the luxuries of a modern middle class life, without all the angst and ennui your parents have.
Realistic Princess Doll Castle