Happy From School
Feeling happy from slacking off at school.
Happy from Work
Happy news from work today! The future just seems a bit brighter and better!
Focused from Work
Embarrassed from getting caught Schmoozing with Boss at work!
Early Work Approval
It's good to know that work from the early years is worth something.
Disappointing Encounter
Great. The ego on this guy is as big as the reputation.
Diabolic Presenter
That kind of presentation deserves a maniacal round of applause.
Delayed Posting
Fixed in the Nick of Time
Not only skills but speed are essential to success.
Debris Covered Patroller
It's hard to feel much pride in one's job when it's wading through garbage.
That Food Must Be Awful
How repulsive!
Patched In
An uplink to the mainframe has been established. All hacks will generate extra money for a short time!
Inside Scoop
The blueprints for this bank will definitely help out the next time the crew pulls a caper at work. Just be sure to start the heist soon, before the bank increases their security.
Creatively Drained
Sometimes, taking a break might be the best move--for everyone.
Dismissed Opinions
Maybe sometimes it's better to just go with the flow instead of expressing a different opinion.
Rousing Debate
It's good to buck the crowd and voice a different opinion. 
Confronted By Co-worker
Trying to be honest has some humiliating consequences.
Clean Victory
A real comic doesn't need to be blue to be hilarious.
Chewed Out
Nothing like being vigorously reprimanded to ruin one's day.
Cheese Love
The nose knows a good cheese when it smells it.
Celebrity Slighting
Altruism is often in one's best interest.
Caught Gouging
Been caught price gouging, and now customers are shopping elsewhere.
Car Stunt Reality
Cargo Dumped
Well, that was a big waste of crime.
Space Capsule Fever
Looks like this capsule contained something nasty. Hope it's not serious.
Interesting Discovery
This capsule surely will hold some interesting finds.
Humiliating Demotion
Career setbacks like demotion are not easy for an Ambitious Sim to stomach.
Calculated Out
Too many tedious calculations at work will easily bore any Sim.
Shot Down
The danger of bragging is that you might be talking to someone who doesn't think you're quite as cool as you do.
On Top of the Market
When you've found out everything there is to know about the market, that's when it's time to strike!
Made the Sale
The business world loves winners. Today, it loves you!
Feeling Important
The best thing about working at a megacorp is being able to lord your power over others.
Blew the Deal
In the business world, you have to capitalize on the opportunities you're given. Blowing those opportunities is rough.
Aggravated By Blowhard
Nothing's worse than know-it-alls who think they can help everyone.
Gloom Bearer
The business world is full of hard choices, but that doesn't make it any easier to be the bad guy.
Most people don't like being the bearer of bad news. Some revel in it.
Gloom Bearer
Scapegoater
Is &quot;scapegoater&quot; even a word? {0.SimFirstName}'s not sure, but the title certainly doesn't sit well with {M0.him}{F0.her}.
Blame-Free
It's great to have a scapegoat... as long as it's not you!
Speech Thrill
The boost given from giving a well-received speech takes a while to fade.
Generous
The gratitude of an employee with a day off can put a spring in anyone's step.
Innovator
Having a boss respect your ideas can really improve your self esteem.
Possible Lead
The discovery of some uncovered intelligence may help make the next day of work a bit easier.
Read Security Secret
{0.SimFirstName} wasn't supposed to read that. Let's just pretend that didn't happen.
Too Much Intelligence
There's an eye-glazing amount of information in that database.
Bluffing Blunder
A called bluff never gets anyone anywhere.
No writer wants to be seen as a thief, and a defensive one at that.
Blogging Plagiarist
Blogger Debunked
There's never anything wrong with telling the truth.
Poo
Drat! That bag was filled with poo. That's just foul. 
Miscalculation
That was a costly--and dangerous--error.
Classes Helped
Getting the community involved in art classes was a great idea!
Statistical Rage
What!? How!? Who could possibly think that Shubby Botswick was the best player from the '09 Llamas?
Statistical Fervor
It's the greatest dream of every sports fan: pulling out the perfect statistic to win that argument.