The quaint suburbs near the historic quarry is a sweet destination for any evergreen enthusiast
Port Promise
This smoggy old port may make you gag, but it’s an adequate place to learn about industrialization
Living Upcycled
Change the World
Collaborate with your Community
Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle!
Cut a bold figure in striking styles inspired by the mystique of a classic era with The Sims™ 4 Silver Screen Style Kit.
Silver Screen Style
Silver Screen Style
Look the Part
Bold, Beautiful, and Dangerous
Embrace elegance and sophistication with The Sims™ 4 Refined Living Room Kit.
Refined Living Room
Refined Living Room
Hand Picked
Create a place for Sims to enjoy some quality plant time with The Sims™ 4 Greenhouse Haven Kit.
Greenhouse Haven
Greenhouse Haven
Signs of Life
A Room to Grow
Craft dazzling jewelry and give your creations a spark of power!
Crystal Creations
Crystal Creations
Dark and Dreamy
All Charged Up
Jewelry By You
Embrace vibrant colors and mid-century modern design with The Sims™ 4 Cozy Kitsch Kit.
Cozy Kitsch
Selvadorada
Selvadorada
Ancient Artifacts
Find, purchase, and collect ancient artifacts so you can bring a piece of the jungle home with you
Hidden Temple
The more you explore, the more secret ancient rooms open up for discovery
Explore the Jungle
It's literally a jungle out there! Don't forget to bring your spider repellent and machete!
Crystal Creations
StrangerVille
Welcome to StrangerVille: &quot;The only thing stranger than the people is the flora!&quot; StrangerVille is a quiet little town with a strange problem. The residents are very friendly, but at night things start to get more interesting. If you want to find out more about this town you can find Military Personnel hanging out at the Local Bar, Scientists researching at the Local Library, and that Curio Shop stand is sure to have some strange odds and ends by the trailer park.
Interesting Locals
You’d be hard pressed to find hospitality like this anywhere else. Just try not to let them get too close…
Shady Acres Vista
Boasting the most beautiful view Strangerville has to offer, stay at Shady Acres and you too can wonder where all this wealth comes from
Strangerville Plaza
Visit the Strangerville Information Center. This place is way more interesting than the Secret Lab
Suit Up Your Sim
Unravel The Story
Crack The Code
A Different World
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Dine Out
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Cozy Bistro Kit
Nectar Bar Stories
Serve the finest Nectar by night and the richest coffee by day. Fill your bistro with candlelight and classic décor to create the perfect spot for Sims to connect with friends or dates.
A Neighborhood Favorite
Craft a space that’s all about good Nectar and great company. Decorate with all the trappings of a treasured local bistro including wood paneled walls, polished metal accents, and vintage furniture that has been beautifully maintained. 
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Silver Screen Style Kit
Look the Part
Embody an unstoppable persona. Dress for the moment you discover a scandal, reveal your secret plot, or get away with your prize. These are dramatic looks for when you want to feel iconic.
Bold, Beautiful, and Dangerous
Look confident and capable in sparkling jewelry, a faux fur-trimmed coat, and sleek shoes in addition to gowns and suits that create classic silhouettes.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Comfy Gamer Kit
A Little Sims-y
Who wouldn’t want a mini cow plant hanging over their head? This kit has all kinds of callouts to The Sims, including a grilled cheese mini-library and an adorable alarm clock.
A Personal Touch
Use the décor in this kit to make your computer area feel homey, relaxing, and completely yours with plants, clutter, and gaming accessories. There are even cubed cubbies for displaying knickknacks and other treasured items that make you happy!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Modern Menswear Kit
Experiment with Style
Refined and subversive, these looks reinvigorate the basics. Play with scalloped or pleated skirts and latticed sweaters, or pair a polished shirtdress with iconic loafers to model up-and-coming culture.
Get into the Details
Update your Sim’s closet with trendy wardrobe staples. Fluid shapes add intrigue to any outfit, while zippers, cutouts, and pleats lend everyday outfits a touch of the contemporary. 
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 &lt;i&gt;Star Wars™&lt;/i&gt; : Journey to Batuu
Get Your Own Lightsaber and Droid 
Explore Batuu to find kyber crystals and hilts for the most coveted &lt;i&gt;Star Wars™&lt;/i&gt; artifact: a lightsaber. Collect every piece to construct a blade that’s all your own. Or visit the Droid Depot and purchase your very own droid to help you on your adventures.
Unite with Iconic Characters
The possibilities shift depending on your Sim’s actions—will you choose to support Kylo Ren in his efforts to uncover the Resistance base, or will you join Rey and Vi Moradi in the fight against the First Order?
Create Your &lt;i&gt;Star Wars™&lt;/i&gt; Story
The Resistance, First Order, and scoundrels are fighting to control Batuu, but your Sims' actions determine who will succeed. As Sims undertake challenges and special missions, you’ll tip the balance of power.
Experience the Edge of the Galaxy
Your Sims are definitely not at home anymore. From the &lt;i&gt;Millennium Falcon&lt;/i&gt; to the bustling Cantina and unique attire of Batuu, Sims will be surrounded by the iconic sights and sounds of &lt;i&gt;Star Wars™&lt;/i&gt;.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Storybook Nursery Kit
A Legacy of Elegance
Raise your little one among ornate furniture including shelves and a changing table. Some of these items, like the crib with the sweeping canopy and the tasteful chandelier, may have been passed down through the generations.
A Touch of Whimsy
Inspired by classic fairy tales and the elegance of ages past, this collection features delicately crafted toys, pleasant wallpaper, a dreamy mobile, and a dollhouse modeled after the traditional home of an old, prominent family.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Werewolves
Lycanthrope Lore
You have a lot to learn about werewolves. Unravel werewolf, vampire, and spellcaster lore as you read books, discover secret tunnels, and interact with denizens of Moonwood Mill.
Alpha or Lone Wolf?
Craft your werewolf identity. Were you bitten, or were you born into it? Decide what kind of wolf you want to be. Find a pack to prowl the night with or shun all that and try to make it as a lone wolf.
Life on the Wild Side
What big teeth you’ll have! Transform into a werewolf and embrace (or fight) your animalistic nature. Werewolf Sims will have unique temperaments and abilities as they experience wolf-specific life events.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Party Essentials Kit
Every Day’s a Party
This kit has all the essentials your Sims need to share some good times. Throw a birthday party, a big bash complete with a disco ball, or a chill hangout session with friends. 
Celebrate Anything
These decorations don’t just fade into the background – not even the backdrops! Coordinate with matching pieces or mix and match to create the perfect mood for any occasion.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Artist Studio Kit
Artful Décor
Add an artistic flourish to your canvas and your studio. Add paint splatter to the ground and clutter items like palettes, cans, tubes, brushes, and stacked sketch books to every shelf and corner.