Sand Between Your Toes
Sidewalk Slabs
Brick and Blush
Throwback Cobblestone &amp; Brick Pavers
Rockstone Pavers
Concrete Pavers with Gravel Accent
A Clean Slate Tile
A Fine Geometry Pavers
Setting Sun Terracotta Pavers
No Moss Stone Pavers
Perfect Pebble Paver
On the Grid Metal
Diamond Life Metal
Galvanized Metal
Brushed Metal
Klassy Large-Format Marble Tiles
Check Mate! Marble
In Your Veins Marble Tile
Basic Beige Linoleum
Kitchenette Faux-Tile Linoleum
Industrial Low End Metal
Industrial High End Metal
Great Gravel
Out to Pasture Grass with Wildflowers
Out to Pasture Grass
Hold down the Shift key and click to apply the pattern to an entire room. While selecting a pattern, press Ctrl and F to apply a quarter of a tile.
Ordinary Chlorinated Pool Water
Swim. Be Clean. Be Fresh.
Pond Water
Freshly dredged water filled with natural sediment.
Mossy Water
ForestFine Wood
Where the Rubber Hits the Road
Academia Brick Pavers
Another Slab o' Concrete
Hi-End Concrete
Acceptable Tile
Acceptable Patterned Tile
Brick Parquet Pavers
Cushiony Concrete
Weathered Brick
Old-Fashioned Herringbone
My Own Corrugated Castle
Gravel Delight Roof
Sheet Metal Roof
No So Drab Slab
Rustic Sandstone
Quaint Flagstone
Classic Large-Format Flagstone
Geometric Flagstone
Sparkling Speckled Tile
Cool as a Cucumber Marble
Hey Nova! It's me, Lewis. Guess what, I'm writing from Sixam!\nI decided to change my career path... Working at Rainy Days Inc really brought the worst out of me. I decided to pursue my dreams and attempt to become an astronaut and... I got an astrodynamics internship! One step closer to becoming Commander Shepperd, right?\nOh, and I have a present for you... I'll visit you soon! 
Yes - and Lewis, the competition is back on!
I know becoming an astronaut was also your childhood dream. If you want, I can get you in at a higher level.. How does that sound? Don't tell me you're afraid of a little challenge... or perhaps you think that I'll be promoted to Space Ranger before you?
I laughed so hard!
Hey {0.SimFirstName}, guess who got a new job at a super cool startup and a super cool salary? That's right, ME! The childhood friend who you didn't want to help when he needed it the most. You might not know, but at high career levels you get to choose your own path and specialization. And I choose to never cross my path with yours ever again!
Sure, come over... tuna head.
I'll take pizza as an apology.
Yes {0.SimFirstName}, the rumors are true, I got fired from Rainy Days Entertainment. It seems I have &quot;an attitude problem&quot;. That's their way of saying I've basically been a jerk. Specially towards you. Can I come over to talk? I could really use a friend right now.
Wow, I almost had forgotten about that! Your dad would get so mad at us for playing with his lab equipment. Nerding out at his observatory was fun, though... Remember the sleepover at the rocket ship? Your cousin Tycho scared the crap out of me! He looked like one of those aliens from Density Effect… 
Ugh, not this again...
If you want a hug, Lewis, just ask.
What up tuna head? I heard you got a job at Rainy Days Entertainment, the same startup where I work. Ready to be overshadowed by me again? It’ll be just like in college! Don't worry, when they fire you I'll write you a recommendation letter... for a senior loser position! LOL&#xD;&#xA;
Hello {0.SimFirstName}. I just wanted to let you know we’re very impressed with your job performance. You’re doing a great job!\nRemember, if you don’t miss work, go to the office on time, keep your good mood and gain all the required skills, you’ll be set for your next promotion.
Let me think about it...
Wow, {0.SimFirstName}, I’m at a loss for words. I lost my job and... I just hope I haven't lost my childhood friend as well. I'm in no position to ask, but could I spend the night here while I figure out my next move?
I heard you’re new to the neighborhood and I know you're still getting adjusted, but Sofia and Leonardo are getting D's in their classes. I can tell they are smart, creative kids... so I can only conclude that the problem must be with their parents. Help your children realize their potential!\n\nI’ve got my eyes on them -- and on the two of you, Martinez. We do things a bit differently in my school district - I didn't win 12 Principal of the Year Awards by tolerating unruly children and unconcerned parents. You'll be hearing from me again!
Treasure your memories of when Sofia and Leonardo were cute, precocious bundles of energy and curiosity, because let me tell you, you've got a challenging road ahead of you. Teenagers need both freedom to learn and grow, and guidance and rules to ensure they stay on the right path. Encourage them towards becoming responsible adults if you can. Teenagers can get a part time job, excel in school, start learning new skills, and start forming deeper social and even romantic relationships, but they need your guidance -- desperately.  
Well, I admit it, I am impressed. At first, I didn’t think much of the two of you. Not your kids of course - you, the parents. But I’m pleased to say your kids have shown tremendous improvement. Remember though, life is not just about academics! Take the time to develop Sofia and Leonardo's artistic and athletic abilities too. Kids must have time to socialize, to have fun, to be kids! Find their interests, see what they aspire to be, and help nurture and guide them towards their potential. 
Well, that's a start. I can tell the two of you put in effort into parenting. But now it's time to go beyond just making sure Sofia and Leonardo have their basic needs met. It's time to work on a child's greatest gift -- a mind ready to learn and grow! \n\nWe need to turn Sofia and Leonardo's scholastic career around before it's too late! Make sure they are regularly doing their homework, building their mental skills, studying hard, and keeping focused! 
Sure, I'd love some tips!
No thanks, I've got this!
People are so excited about your housewarming party, {0.SimFirstName}! You &lt;i&gt;are&lt;/i&gt; throwing one, right? I've hosted one or two myself; do you want some expert party planning tips?
A hangout downtown sounds great!
There &lt;i&gt;is&lt;/i&gt; someone I’d like to ask out…
I can’t believe you just moved here, {0.SimFirstName}—you've already made so many friends! I’d love to meet some of them, wanna do a group hangout downtown? Or is there someone you would like to spend some… &lt;i&gt;alone time&lt;/i&gt; with?
Likewise!
Hey {0.SimFirstName}, it was really nice running into you at the gym! If you want a workout buddy to help keep you motivated, just give me a call. I could use some motivation myself!
Maybe we will!
Hey {0.SimFirstName}, you've been on my mind since we met at the bar. Maybe it's just me, but I think we really &lt;i&gt;clicked&lt;/i&gt;, you know? I hope we'll meet again soon...
Hey {0.SimFirstName}, it was really nice running into you at the bar! If you want to grab some drinks later, just give me a call. I will never say no to a good Salty Llama!
Tell me more about Social Skills!
Great to know, thanks!
Hey {0.SimFirstName}, I hear you’ve met a lot of people already! A great way to turn these acquaintances into friends is improving your social Skills. Work on your Charisma, Comedy, and Mischief skills, and you’ll be the most popular Sim in town before you know it!
Wanna lift? Run? Punch? Awesome! My gym is the perfect place to get a wicked workout and meet other gym rats. Nothing like an exercise buddy to keep you on top of your game!
Thanks for the tip!
This town is so much larger than your neighborhood. You should go exploring! If you want to meet new people, the gym or the bar are great places to check out. If you want some company, let me know and I'll tag along!
Thank you! Looking forward to it!
Howdy, neighbor! Welcome to the neighborhood! My name is {1.SimFirstName} and I live just down the road. I'm sure we'll get a chance to meet in person very soon!
Sounds great!
Welcome to my humble bar; please, have a seat! Enjoy the company, some sweet tunes, and the best drinks in town.
We messed up. Maybe this is our second chance.
Even if we aren't perfect, you still love us.
Guess who's back! You thought I was going to just lie down and die? Not a chance. As long as you three are disgracing the family name, I'll be here to chew you out! 
I thought we'd have more time to set things right.
I guess it's time to open up our inheritance letters...
Alas, my time is drawing short. When you've lived as long as I have, you can feel it coming. Don't mourn me, I am going home to be with your grandfather, and I will be watching from above. My one regret in life is that I never pushed you three to your full potential. We have spoiled you, and this is more my fault than yours. So, I hope you understand, when I do this, I am truly trying to do what is best for the three of you, so that you might be pushed to achieve your own goals. I have done my best to leave you with what I think you will need to succeed in the long run.
You can count on us Grandma! You can rest now.
Maybe the Grim Reaper will give me a second chance.