Splash in the Water Fountain
A magnificent garden centerpiece that is also a great spot for your Sims to enjoy each other’s company. Feeling playful? Jump in, splash around, and add soap for a bubbly good time.
Whisper a Wish in the Wishing Well
Toss a coin in to see if your Sim’s wish comes true. With a bit of luck, Sims can be granted eternal youth, extravagant riches, or even the love of their life. Be careful, because you may not always get what you wish for.
Build A Victorian-Inspired Garden
With a variety of stunning flowers, moss covered statues, and ivy wrapped arches, you can create a romantic garden space so lovely your Sims’ hearts will skip a beat!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Crystal Creations Stuff Pack
Dark and Dreamy
Challenge your Sims to a game of bowling on the all-new bowling lane object. Start off using bumpers and improve your skills to unlock impressive trick shots. Dim the lights and turn up the music for an out of this world moonlight bowling experience.
Build a Bowling Hangout
Create your own space complete with neon lighting, bowling-themed décor, and even a bar for your Sims to enjoy refreshments between frames. Customize its look with retro-modern furniture that looks awesome in the alley or at home.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 High School Years
Explore Your Style
Make your bedroom your own, plan outfits, and become a Simfluencer! Teens can earn money by selling outfits and hyping up looks they design on Trendi right from their bedrooms, which are now more interactive than ever. 
Shake Things Up 
High school is a time of self-discovery! Find the confidence to ask your crush out or the guts to skip class. Teens will explore their own likes and dislikes. Pranks and sneaking out after dark can have consequences, so be careful you don’t get caught.
Iconic Teen Moments
Dance the night away at prom and celebrate your graduation ceremony with family and friends. Make lifelong friends, participate in after-school activities, and experience the rollercoaster of puberty.
Experience High School
Experience all the ups and downs of high school. Attend classes in person, get to know your teachers, hang out in the cafeteria, and even decorate your locker! 
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Get Famous
Live a Lavish Lifestyle
As your Sim’s status skyrockets, you gain Fame Perks. Decorate a gorgeous mansion with gold-plated furniture and take home a unique set piece to put on display as a tribute to the golden age. . . of you.
Run This Town
Join the glitz and glamour of Del Sol Valley, a new world where your Sims discover fame. Get a starter home in Mirage Park or work your way up to a house in the hills in The Pinnacles.
Act the Part
Be your own muse and direct your Sim toward a brilliant acting career. Get your big break with commercial gigs or land a part in a television series. 
Claim Your Fame
Now your Sims can live out their wildest dreams of fame and fortune! Rise to stardom in your current career, or catapult to fame with a new pursuit. Bask in the limelight as an aspiring actor or livestream your every moment as an influencer.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Goth Galore Kit
Goth on the Go
Your Sims will flirt with their dark sides in platform shoes and sleek silhouettes that are perfect for everyday wear, parties, or any occasion where they want to stand out.
Dark and Distinct
Variety isn’t always about color; sometimes it’s about textures and embellishments. Add points of interest with mesh, belts, buckles, straps, and harnesses.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Poolside Splash Kit
Aquatic Accessories
Complete your poolside ensemble with stylish shades, rainbow nails, sandals, fabulous floaties, and more! Indulge your sense of fun.
Vivacious and Vibrant
Whether your Sim is looking to get flirty in the hot tub or party by the pool, these lively looks will help them stand out. Mix and match for uniquely dazzling results.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Décor to the Max Kit
Try All Three
Combine elements featuring Regency, Chinoiserie, and Abstract Modern aesthetics with a plethora of prints, shapes, and colors. Delve into self-expression by getting surreal with gilded pastel tones, geometric patterns, and intimate textures.
Have It All
Play with patterns and let colors collide with mix-and-match furniture in a variety of styles. Layer in contrasting and complementary details like new wallpapers and rugs to coordinate over-the-top looks that build a busy but beautiful atmosphere.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Vampires
Live the Immortal Life
Experience the life of a vampire and choose how to live. Will you drink from Sims or eat Plasmafruit to quench your thirst? Embrace evil and stir up trouble or blend in and start a vampire family? Whatever you choose, always avoid sunlight and garlic foods.
Escape to Forgotten Hollow
The dark, mist-covered land of Forgotten Hollow, is the perfect place for vampires to socialize and let loose. Visit the abandoned mansion to discover its secrets, collect ingredients for gruesome new recipes, or move in and build your own lair.
Unleash Supernatural Powers
Earn and wield dozens of unique Powers that give vampires the ability to control Sims’ minds and conjure spiritual energy. Balance your skills by taking on weaknesses and unlock new Powers by winning epic duels to advance your rank.
Create Vampires
With all-new Create A Sim options, create vampire Sims that are alluring or frightening. Choose their fangs, add mysterious glowing eyes, and even customize a unique Dark Form to transform into when enraged or spooking other Sims.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Island Living
Rock the Island Vibes
Dress Sims in tropical garb inspired by sun, sand, and waves. Or, gear up for water activities like snorkeling and swimming. Decorate a rustic oasis with home objects and unwind at the tiki bar.
Engage in Local Culture
Tradition runs deep on Sulani, and your Sims get to experience it. Immerse Sims in their newfound lifestyle by attending a pit barbecue event, learning about local folklore, tasting tropical delicacies, and chatting with Elementals from the island.
Pitch In or Help Out
Become a Conservationist, and watch your Sims’ impact bloom all over the island. Take to the waves for fishing or diving, become a lifeguard to keep the locals safe under the sun. Sims can do a few odd jobs or fish for their next meal.
Sit Back and Relax
Welcome to Sulani! Set sail on the glistening water in your island canoe, swim to your heart’s content, and explore the scenery on a watercraft. Build a spectacular sand castle, catch some rays, and even meet a mermaid!
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Wonderland Playroom Kit
Curiouser &amp; Curiouser
A delightful stuffed rabbit, hanging top hats, and wall décor featuring dodo birds or grinning cats are just a few of the ways this kit will transport you to a world both familiar and fantastic.
All Frabjous Day
This is a space where imagination can soar, whether kids are playing or learning. With fanciful bookshelves, a matching desk, and a chess set, this playroom doubles as a place for kids to learn and grow.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Throwback Fit Kit
Top It Off
The kids might not have been around for it the first time, but now they can discover the neon joy of the past. Dress them up to impress! Bucket hats for everyone!
Get Fit in Style
Hit the gym or take it easy at home with comfortable, sporty pieces that call back to the energy and simplicity of the ‘90s. Show off with bright colors, modular shapes, and unexpected details that are sure to catch the eye.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Fashion Street Kit
All in the Details
What would an outfit be without accessories? Bangles, sparkling necklaces, and flashy rings catch the eye while sandals finish it off with laid-back flare. Express your style with henna tattoos and fun sunglasses, too. 
Build Your Wardrobe
Bright, flowy fabrics and contemporary cuts guarantee stunning streetwear looks for every Sim. Each piece works alone or integrated into an existing closet for effortless style. 
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Grunge Revival Kit
Embrace the Unpolished
Challenge expectations with a wardrobe that's all about experimenting with effortless, confident fits.
It’s in the Fit
Whether these clothes were found or passed down, these slouchy silhouettes and faded jeans are now yours to make new styles for every frame.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Moschino
Have a Studio Session
Bring your own studio to life, where the spotlight is on and so is the pressure. Decorate it with pictures, new furniture and décor, and personalized touches for an inspiring space to photograph your muse.
Join A Flashy Career
As a freelance fashion photographer, your Sim will grow their career with fabulous opportunities. Learn how to curate a collection and select the perfect subject to shoot, then find the right poses to accentuate the bold, stylized looks.
Moschino x The Sims
Show your love for fashion by dressing your Sims in the latest Capsule Collection inspired by The Sims or choose clothing styles from iconic Moschino collections.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Backyard Stuff
Lounge in New Fashion
Dress your Sims in comfortable clothing and relaxed hairstyles that are perfect for hanging out in the backyard or sipping a glass of iced tea.
Personalize the Backyard
Brighten up your Sim’s outdoor space with vibrant potted plants, playful decorative lights, and multi-colored patio furniture. Finish off the look with a soothing wind chime or add a bird feeder that’s sure to attract a few feathered friends.
Slip, Slide, and Splash
Your Sims can cool off and let loose on two all-new lawn water slides. Perform and perfect a variety of tricks for your audience including surf-sliding through the jaws of a shark! Add soap for an even wilder experience.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Toddler Stuff
Dress in Adorable Apparel
Express your toddlers’ personalities with new boy and girl fashions and hairstyles. Choose from a variety of tops, bottoms, and shoes that showcase their unique style. Dress in whimsical outfits from butterfly-winged tees to animal hoodies, even rainbow moccasins.
Host Play Dates