Cute Critter Basket
Look how cute this basket is! Who cares that you don't know what to keep in it—it's adorable and you need it &lt;i&gt;now&lt;/i&gt;. Don't worry, it'll really tie the room together.
Muncha-Lunch Box
Don’t leave home without it.
sculptTableInventorOrbitalLrg_bm
sculptTableInventorOrbitalLrg_bm
RAW Antique Teapot
Made from pieces of scrap metal bolted together, this decorative piece might not hold water (or tea), but it looks great on a sideboard.
Kept Spice Rack
Keep your spices in line with PostRustic's tabletop spice rack.
Viney League Encased Scrolls
Give your degrees gravitas with this fine display. No diplomas necessary-we’ve already included some for you!
In the Balance Antique Scale
This fully functional cast iron scale can be used to ensure absolute fairness in distributing everything from coffee in the morning to dessert at night. Also useful to see your teacup poodle’s weight in gold, to compare apples and oranges, or just to remind visitors of your own sense of justice.
CONCEPT Coffee Mug Rack
This industrial mug rack from PostRustic is a stunning work of art perfect for displaying the vessels that get you through the morning.
Reclaimed Corbel Vase
A beautiful repurposing of the finest antique architecture, this modern vase is embraced by two hand-carved oak corbels, recovered tacitly from the mantel of some old guy’s fireplace. 
RAW Utensil Holder
From PostRustic's Raw line, this utensil holder brings no-nonsense style to your kitchen counter.
Wake Me Up Antique Coffee Pot
Show off your caffeine commitment by adding this antique coffee pot to your décor.
Old-Fashioned Camera
They simply don’t make cameras like they used to. What fine memories were captured by this ten-pound lens--and the person strong enough to lift it.
Cluttered Mind Box Set
You’ve got your mind on more important matters than putting your house in order. See?
&quot;My Hollow Veneer and Sadness&quot;
There is no joy here. There is only emptiness. This mask is the facade I wear to the world. The scroll underneath helps it balance.
&quot;The Doll Fin&quot;
A scene from the popular childrens' folktale where an abandoned beach ball learns the meaning of friendship and youthful exuberance through the adventures it has with his new friend, the dolphin named &quot;Doll Fin.&quot;
“Wood You Believe” Jolly Lumberjack
Part of a special collection of wooden figurines that comes with its own storybook, the “Jolly Lumberjack” rescues a woman and her two small children by chopping open their burning cabin. However, he singes his mustache in the process, making him a tad less jolly.
Knotty or Knife Block
Made of knotty pine with a dark-cherry finish, this kitchen essential comes with all the knives you need to chop, slice, dice, or pare your ingredients the good old-fashioned way.
“Wood You Believe” Stallion
Part of a special collection of wooden figurines that comes with its own storybook, this wild Stallion stars in “Untamed,” a racy romance about a woman, a cowboy, and the horse that taught them to love.
&quot;Birds with Benefits&quot;
A reenactment of the famous scene from the classic animated family feature 'Avians and Llamas' where Grumpy Sparrow finds herself enjoying the intimate embrace of Jon Swift.
“Wood You Believe” Circus Elephant
Part of a special collection of wooden figurines that comes with its own storybook, this Circus Elephant is the brave hero of the uplifting tale, “Let’s Roll!” Born with one useless leg, the elephant is secretly raised by a circus worker who teaches him to roll on a ball, transforming him into the attraction that saves the circus from bankruptcy.
“Wood You Believe” Dragon
Part of a special collection of wooden figurines that comes with its own storybook, the Dragon stars in “Fire in the Hold,” the tale of a boy who loves his dragon so much, he makes the mistake of hugging it.
“Wood You Believe” Bunny
Part of a special collection of wooden figurines that comes with its own storybook, this darling Bunny hops to the rescue as hero of the Easter tale, “Gimme Back My Eggs.”
“Wood You Believe” Grizzly 
Part of a special collection of wooden figurines that comes with its own storybook, the Grizzly stars in “Camper’s Dream,” a campfire tale sure to give you shivers.
&quot;This Fist Bump Screams Loudest&quot;
Fiercely carved from a angry looking piece of mahogany, this raw wooden sculpture screams of head-throbbing rage and brute barbarity.
Banana Bank Heist Model Van
A precise replica of the van used by the famous Banana Bank Heist criminals. Some believe the van’s easy-to-spot color was the fatal mistake that led to the crew’s capture, but when police discovered the criminals had been using concealed bananas, not guns, to hold up the banks, they peeled decades off their sentences.
Pre-assembled Model Stunt Plane
This Super 6000 Propeller Plane model is an exact replica of the original aerobatic two-seater. Set your imagination soaring and try out some stunts of your own.
Vintage Model Pickup Truck
This scale model works as well as the original truck! Showcase it on your shelf, take it for a spin, or use it to haul off some other kid’s marbles.
Midnight Raven Model Car
Gun your engines and get revved for the ultimate model muscle car! The Midnight Raven is die-cast for pin-perfect authenticity. Tinted windows make it easy to picture yourself behind the wheel, or steaming up the backseat.
Train Set - Caboose
Lattice In Indoor-Outdoor Rug (Runner)
A friendly accent for indoors or out, this classic handmade collection adds depth and delight to any space. 
Lattice In Indoor-Outdoor Rug (Small)
A friendly accent for indoors or out, this classic handmade collection adds depth and delight to any space.
Half-Hearted Hospitality Mat
Welcome! Your shoes are filthy! The sturdy mud-gripping tracks in this rug tell your guests that you don’t trust them to wipe their feet.
Into the Rose&#xD;&#xA;
An up-close look at a tea rose, from the perspective of a dazed bee.
On the Spot &#xD;&#xA;
A circle is round. It has no end. That’s how long this rug will be your friend.&#xD;&#xA;
Nom de Plume Antiqued Rug&#xD;&#xA;
Adorned with faded filigree yet redolent with color, this striking rug encircles you in vivid memories of a not-so-distant past. &#xD;&#xA;
Brilliant Brocade&#xD;&#xA;
Add shimmer, sparkle, and a touch of opulence to your living space with a dramatic rug fit for royalty. &#xD;&#xA;
Bath Essentials Happy Toes Mat&#xD;&#xA;
Beauty is toe deep with this super-soft bathmat-and oh, how great it feels!&#xD;&#xA;
Living Color Rug
Broad brush strokes and a pleasing palette of colors add brightness and energy to any living space.
Outside the Box Modern Rug
An exciting play of colors and angles makes this rug anything but square.
Nature Silhouettes
Celebrate Mother Nature at her finest with soft, soothing colors and leafy silhouettes.
Hopscotch Runner
Increase your gross motor coordination with this lengthy swath of circles, perfect for hopscotch, agility drills, or just starin' at, man.
Snug Rug
A true knockout for both casual and formal spaces, this lavish rug is exquisite to behold and even more exquisite to caress. Just one touch of a naked toe and you’ll find your heart is powerless, your knees weak. Go ahead. Faint. Its ample, silken depths will catch you in their unforgettable embrace.
Run to Me Runner
Invite romance into your home with the Run to Me Runner. This elegant, hand-tufted silk rug is so luxuriant underfoot, it practically dares you to cast off your shoes and socks and trip lightly across its soft, thick surface.
Fleur-de-Lis Area Rug
Herald every arrival and departure with the classy curlicues and regal petals of the fleur-de-lis.
Blooming Hospitality Runner
Guests entering your home will feel as if they’re being whisked onto a path of fragrant flowers, blowing in the wind and welcoming them.
Caress Carpet
Close your eyes and imagine yourself sitting in a green field covered with beautiful, blooming flowers. Now open your eyes. Surprise! You’re still sitting on a field of beautiful flowers, only this one is better because when you run your hand over its fabric it feels like you’re petting a majestic stallion.
The Meridian
Who among us doesn’t remember the first time a rug made us cry? Like the greatest symphony, a good rug can make us laugh, cry, and fall in love all at once. Place The Meridian in your home, and feel the fullest extent of every possible human emotion simultaneously.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Criminal career while in the Oracle branch
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Criminal career while in the Oracle branch
The Indispensable
Nothing celebrates the limitless potential of human ingenuity like a small area rug. It’s not hard to imagine a world where every space is tastefully accentuated by one of our stylish rugs, and there is no war. Buy The Indispensable, and achieve the impossible.
The Elysium
The rings of a tree, the rings around a planet, the ring that symbolizes a lifelong connection around your finger. These things are all connected. Rings are the fingerprint of the universe, its loops and swirls revealing to us the truth of all things: that all things are true. The Elysium rug, from Reclamation Homeware.
Animal Squares Kid's Rug