At least it looks like paint....
Cookie Before Dinner
Sometimes, a cookie is the ticket when dinner is so disgustingly healthy.
Theory Is Hard
While it's nice to learn by doing, sometimes a few rules are helpful first.
Hands-On Success
Teaching good technique is so rewarding.
Hands On Failure
This certainly could have gone more smoothly. 
Tariff Tax Evaded
Whew! It feels good to get one over on customs.
Henchmen Intervention
That was a painful and humbling experience.
Suspect Escaped
It's never a good feeling to have a crook get away.
Sudden Inspiration
Sometimes, a little break is all it takes to lend some new perspective.
Got the Promotion!
Promotions mean everything to Ambitious Sims. How soon until the next one?!
Working It
That professional purpose you find when at the top of your game and just slaying it.
Unhappy Customer
You can’t please everyone all the time. But especially lately.
Stand-By Convictions
The moral high-ground sure provides a lofty view of yourself.
Sell-Out
Everything has a price and it looks as if it wasn’t hard to find yours.
The Scoop
Breaking News: You heard it here first!
Advice Fail
That was not the best advice to give in that situation.  How unfortunate.
A Cause for Applause
Jingles rock! Or at least they can, in able hands.
Abandoned Ship
Having to abandon ship is shameful. Doing so unnecessarily? The worst.
Pulled Something
It's always that one time you don't stretch that something like this happens...
Why can't high school students still take naps like little kids do in kindergarten?
Third Period Nap
Redone Test
Well, at least there's plenty of time to do it all over again.
No Time For Doodles
Maybe taking a little longer on the text would help avoid so many mistakes.
Wrong Company
Should probably try to remember the client's name next time....
Played Off
Turning that error around took skill. Nice work!
Suddenly being kept after school sounds like not the worse thing in the world.
Parent-Counselor Meeting
Just Trying To Help
Some people just can't appreciate kindness.
Symptoms of hyper-stress include absolutely nothing and being excused from boring tests.
Hyper Stress
Helped Another
It always feel good to help someone.
Feeble Manager
No point in yelling. He'll just faint again.
Some feelings can be summed up pretty simply:  this is annoying.
Discussing Feelings
Well, at least the lunch period wasn't completely wasted, even if the material still doesn't make sense.
Still Confused
Falsely Accused
It really hurts to be accused of something you didn't do. 
Chocolate Chip Cookie
There's nothing better than a delicious cookie. Yum!
It's not really cheating if the answers just happen to be sitting there in plain view, right?
Unguarded Answers
The grade on this test is going to be dismal.
Testing Angst
Missed Field Trip
What a bummer. That field trip was probably a lot of fun.
Hysterical Cauliflower
Being a vegetable isn't the worse thing in the world.
Forged Wrong Name
Even good penmanship can't fix this mess.
Forged Signature
This is why good penmanship is important.
Field Trip
The best school day is one spent doing something else. What an adventure!
Cheered Heart Out
Giving one's all is satisfying and all, but it sure takes a toll on one's body.
Turned Away by Friends
Not much feels worse than being turned away by friends.
Shorted
This business is tough--especially when getting stiffed on payment.
New Friend
Even nerds can be good friends.
Saved Effort
Sometimes knowing when to not make an effort can provide the most peace of mind.
Now with an extra day, there's no excuse for not finishing this assignment.
Fire Alarm Extension
Bullying Nerd
This is what comes from trying to be nice to the outcast.
Wrongly Accused
It's awful to get in trouble for something someone else did.
Sound Failure
Nothing like technical difficulties to make a hard set worse.
For some reason, stolen food just seems to taste better.
Ill Gotten Chow
What a tasty buffet today's lunch turned out to be!