You need more than just a grill to host a good Cook Out!\n\nBuy a Bar, Stereo, or Got Game table.
Buy an optional Cook Out object
Grills are mandatory to host a Cook Out…Get yours from Buy Mode!
Buy a Grill
Level 9 programming is required to unlock the interaction Make Video Game. To increase your Programming skill, click on the Computer and select any interaction under the Program category. 
Reach Level 9\nProgramming Skill
Level 7 programming is required to unlock the interaction Make Mobile App. To increase your Programming skill, click on the Computer and select any interaction under the Program category. 
Reach Level 7\nProgramming Skill
Reach Level 6\nProgramming Skill
Lewis shared some of his mind boosting concoction, the Snaggle Fluster! Select the item in your Sim’s inventory Panel and click on Drink to experience faster skill gain.
Drink the\nSnaggle Fluster
Dialogue choices and chance cards may appear sometimes while Sims are socializing or at work. Choices have consequences, so choose wisely!
Listen to Lewis' Proposal
Lewis got a decorative Space Print for Nova! Sims store received gifts in their inventories. To hang it in your house walls, click on the Sim Inventory Panel, select the Space Print and drag it to the desired wall.
Hang Space Print
Perform Friendly or Funny socials to mend differences with Lewis and become Good Friends.
Become Friends\nwith Lewis
Sims who want to pursue independent ways to sustain themselves financially can quit their jobs to have more free time. To quit, click on the phone and select Quit Job under the Business App.
Quit your Job
Place Space Slug
Declare Lewis\nas your Enemy
Did Lewis really change? And what was that about a present? Nova will find out once Lewis arrives! To speed up the waiting time, click on the Ultra Speed button!
Wait for Lewis to Arrive
Some Sims have questionable work ethic! Click on a computer and select the Hack interaction under Programming. Then select, Work performance. 
Hack Work Performance
That was the last straw! Nova wants to fight her rival. To Fight, click on a Sim and select the Fight interaction under the Mean category.
Fight Lewis
The Fast Internet Lot Trait grants a 50% boost to any skills that are built on the computer. Pick this Lot Trait by entering Build Mode and clicking in Venue Info in the upper left corner. Then, access the Traits Panel and select Fast Internet.
Get Fast Internet
Get promoted to: Startup Entrepreneur or eSports Gamer
Nova needs to focus! It's time to dust off her old Innovator's Award from the Household Inventory and place it near her laptop as a reminder of the goals she wants to accomplish! These types of items are awarded to Sims after career promotions, and can be found by clicking on Buy Mode and then on Household Inventory.
Display Career Rewards
Careers branch out after reaching their higher levels. After your Sim is promoted, you'll be prompted to pick a specialization for your Sim!
Get Promoted to:\nDevelopment Captain
When you consider all the sleepover activities are done, click on a Bed and select Sleep. 
End of Phase:\nGo to Sleep
Perform interactions from the Romantic category to build a relationship with Lewis. For real... or maybe only to break his heart.
Flirt with Lewis
Friendly and Funny Socials make Sims alleviate grudges and get closer. Try the Gossip interaction under the Friendly category or the Tell Funny Story interaction from the Funny category. It could be a chance to learn about Nova and Lewis' past...
Reconnect\nwith Lewis
Click on Lewis and select Invite to Stay the Night under the Friendly category or select Kick Out under the Mean category.
Decision: Invite Lewis to Stay or Kick Lewis Out
Perform either 3 socials from the Friendly or Funny category to improve the relationship or 3 socials from the Mean category to incur their wrath.
Be Friendly or Mean\nto Lewis
There were some shocking rumors at work today. Nova must wait for a phone call to confirm them.
Wait for call about\nlay-off rumors...
Complete Daily Task
Buy a Bed with an Energy rating of 6 or higher so your Sim recovers energy faster and has more free time during the day. Beds can be purchased from Build Mode under the Comfort Function category. 
Buy Bed with\nEnergy Rating of 6
Sims can get revenge on their enemies by purchasing a Voodoo Doll. Click on the computer and select Order, then Purchase Voodoo Doll to find a Voodoo Doll in Nova's inventory.
Purchase\nVoodoo Doll
Nova owns 1.000 Satisfaction Points! Use them to buy Morning Sim or Midnight Owl, traits that boost skill building during the day or during the evening, respectively. To do so, click on the Aspirations Panel and then on Rewards Store. Scroll down to either Morning Sim or Midnight Owl and click on Redeem.
Get a\nReward Trait
Work Hard...\nor Schmooze Boss
Your Sims can progress towards their promotion faster! While at work, click on your Sim profile and select Work Hard or Schmooze with Boss, if confident. There's a chance your Sim might return home feeling stressed or embarrassed though!
Get Promoted to:\nProject Manager
Click on the Telescope and select Put in Inventory to save it in Nova's inventory. Then, return home.
Pick up Telescope and Return
To get promoted, complete your Sim's Promotion Tasks, Daily Task and attend work in a positive Mood, like Focused. 
Sims who keep their needs satisfied will perform better at work! Keep Nova's Hunger, Energy, Hygiene, Bladder, Fun and Social needs up by performing interactions with items in your lot.
Keep Nova's Needs Satisfied
Focus is the ideal emotion for leveling up mental skills like Programming or Playing Videogames. Try Browsing Simpedia on your Sim's computer to get Nova focused!
Become Focused
Nova needs to rejoin the Tech Guru career to land that desired promotion! To do so, click on the Phone and select Find Job under the Business category.
Rejoin the\nTech Guru Career
If Pablo and Jennifer have a strong romantic bond and a desire to keep parenting, they can &quot;Try for a Baby&quot; by clicking on the romantic category of each other's pie menu.
Try for Another Baby
Choose &quot;Plan a Social Event&quot; from the Phone. Pick a location, hire a caterer and entertainer, and invite friends to throw a great party.
Throw a Birthday Party for Leonardo and Sofia
Find a teenage romantic interest for Sofia or Leonardo and ask them out on a date! Teens can start to develop romantic feelings for other teenage Sims, which can be seen in the Relationship Panel. 
Go Out on a First Date
Choose this teenager's path! Become an &quot;A&quot; student by regularly completing homework and extra credit work, leveling up Mental skills, and going to school in a Focused mood. Become an &quot;F&quot; student by skipping school, ignoring homework, not developing skills, and going to school in detrimental moods.
Reach an &quot;A&quot; or &quot;F&quot; grade in school for Leonardo
Reach an &quot;A&quot; or &quot;F&quot; grade in school for Sofia
Click on the Aspiration Icon to choose a new Aspiration that feels right for Sofia. Aspirations reveal a Sim's deep wishes and completing these desires helps Sims grow. 
Choose a Teenage Aspiration for Sofia and Complete the First Level
Choose a Teenage Aspiration for Leonardo and Complete the First Level
Click on the Aspiration Icon to choose a new Aspiration that feels right for Leonardo. Aspirations reveal a Sim's deep wishes and completing these desires helps Sims grow. 
Complete a Teenage Aspiration for Sofia
Click on the Aspiration Panel to see what the selected Sim desires most. Completing all levels of an Aspiration will unlock a powerful milestone for a Sim.
Complete a Teenage Aspiration for Leonardo
Click on the Aspiration Panel to see what the selected Sim desires most. Completing all levels of an Aspiration will unlock a powerful milestone for a Sim.
Meet children with Leonardo or Sofia and use friendly or funny interactions to build a relationship. Children can also invite other kids they have met using the phone or relationship panel.
Befriend another child with Leonardo or Sofia
Set up your kids for success! Make sure they have everything they need to stay well-fed, well-slept, and entertained with enriching activities.
Set Up a Child-Friendly House
Raise your Comedy Skill to 4
Uncommon Frogs are a little more slippery, try catching Frogs from the comfort of your home by building a Pond!
Catch or Breed unique Uncommon Frogs
Breeding different types of frogs together is a great way to try and find new Frogs
Catch or Breed unique Rare Frogs
Common Frogs are found anywhere Frogs live
Catch or Breed unique Common Frogs
Frog Collection Completed!
To find alien critters, build a rocket ship and explore space!
Bring back {0.Number} unique living alien critters from voyages into space
After forging the bonds of friendship and memories of your youth by completing all the previous goals, it's now time to enter adolescence! Use the Calendar to throw a Birthday Party for your Child Sim. Don't forget to blow out the candles on your Birthday Cake to become a Teen!\nWarning: Becoming a Teen will result in an Outcome and conclude the Scenario! 
Have a Birthday Party and Age Up to Teen after completing the previous goals!
Sim reaches level {0.Number} of any career
Progress through the Secret Agent Career to the Villain Branch\n\nBe sure to complete Career tasks like &quot;Browse Intelligence&quot; in the Web category on the Computer