With an easy-to-clean glass top, room for an umbrella, and an intricate wrought iron base that always stands its ground, this delightful table is no mirage!
SLAB Farmhouse Table
Your family will love sitting down to a meal at this large dining table made from distressed slats reclaimed from a demolished toolshed.
Ate &amp; Salvage Drafting Table
Pairing a concrete base with a reclaimed 18th century pantry door, each table in this collection has its own unique story. Admire each nick, wonder at its secrets, and open the door to lively chats for every meal to come.
Ate &amp; Salvage Drafting Table
Pairing a concrete base with a reclaimed 18th century pantry door, each table in this collection has its own unique story. Admire each nick, wonder at its secrets, and open the door to lively chats for every meal to come.
Country Cottage Dining Table
Hewn from half-rotted firewood and slapped together with oversized nails, this rustic dining table only wobbles a little. Inspired by the tale of a cottage full of bears, it’s yours to enjoy in safety!
Heart of the Home Dining Table
As busy as family life gets, dinner brings everyone together, so it’s important to gather your energy around a quality table. With rich cherry tones and an unshakeable foundation, the Heart of the Home inspires confidence meal after loving meal.&#xD;&#xA;
The Cornucopia
Feast your eyes on the bountiful beauty of our Cornucopia dining table. While the dark, glossy expanse seems somber at first glance, a peek below the surface divulges finely carved legs, colorful character and a proclivity for revelry.
The Enduring
One can admire The Enduring for its quiet strength. With its steady legs and long, smooth surface it is ready not only to serve you, but up to three of your friends as well. Stoic, but reliable: The Enduring.
Perfect Curve
Nothing celebrates curves like a perfect circle. Our Perfect Curve dining table features a deliciously rounded top supported by long, elegant legs. Just sitting at one is like being in a passionate embrace. Put the Perfect Curve in your dining room and satisfy your hunger.
Taxonomical Creation
This design was inspired by the calcified remains of an unusually giant sea sponge found deep in Paclantic Ocean.
Martian Invader
Quadrapedal table inspired by Morson Whale's famous radioplay monster. Experience all the terror in the comfort of your own home!
Forbidden Footsies Dining Table
This stunning contemporary table provides ample room for your entourage. See-through glass ensures no hanky-panky, without the delightful risk of getting caught.
The Fermata
Our dining tables say a lot about us: who we are, where we’ve been, how we perceive the world around us. Find your place in the world with this exceptional multipurpose surface from Reclamation Homeware. The Fermata: let it define you.
The Staccato
Nothing reflects human existence like a small table. Without these simple objects, civilizations would tumble and break apart. Carved from our proprietary blend of reclaimed garbage and topped with diamond-cut windshield glass, The Staccato separates our world from chaos.
My Yard or Yours Patio Table
Picnic “en plein air” day and night with this affordable backyard dining table. Combining a classic slatted surface with a lightweight aluminum frame, this table is so portable, you can even BYOT to a friend’s.
My Yard or Yours Bistro Table
Awaken all your senses by taking your coffee in the beautiful outdoors. This feather-light bistro table combines classic wooden slats with an aluminum frame, so you can freshen your outlook just by moving it about. 
Reclaimed Wood Dining Table
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThis hand-crafted dining table is perfect for large gatherings, and its distressed finish will add a rustic charm to every meal. It's not old—it's vintage!
Once More Around the Sun Table
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;Designed By: heyHarrie&lt;/font&gt;\n\nSlightly larger than its companion piece, this wooden dining table was crafted as a replacement for the &quot;Around the Sun&quot; table that was abducted by aliens. Much to everyone's surprise, the aliens returned, announced their desire for a larger dining table and made off with this one instead. Thankfully, they eventually returned it in the same fashion as the other table: dropping it in a field full of llamas.
Cabriole Leg Table with Runner and Garland, Holiday edition
Please note, the runner has been factory sealed into place, do not attempt to remove. Failure to comply will result in serious fines, because honestly, we’re tired of people trying to return the table claiming it’s damaged. Look, it’s attached, we’re telling you it’s attached, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REMOVE THE BLING BLANGING RUNNER… if you do, I’m just going to send Bruno. I’m tired of trying to reason with all of you… it’s Bruno time.
Fancy Dining Table
Perfect for dinner party favors or if you wish to style your dining room as if it were a 5 star restaurant. Just be careful not to stain the cloth, it is really hard to wash it off.
Around the Sun Table
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;Designed By: heyHarrie&lt;/font&gt;\n\nThis beautifully crafted wooden dining table went missing for an entire year after it was abducted by aliens and journeyed around the solar system for a while. Eventually the aliens who abducted it decided they wanted to upgrade and gently left this table out in a field where it was discovered by llama farmers. You can't make this stuff up.
Mesa de Familia - Dining Table
This may seem just a dinner table to most people, but to some... this table means family, great food and enjoying it together... sometimes crying on this table for a broken heart and someone saying &quot;Ay mi vida... things are going to be just fine.&quot;\n\nThis table probably has been through it all: Adamcito's Birthday, Winterfest parties, all the homework before dinner - how many polynomial functions and arts and crafts projects were thought about here? - and of course those weekly family feasts. No matter what you go through in this table, it will be remembered forever generation after generation.
Outdoor Table
Have you seen this table? Those folks over there at FNA Fabrications, those folks. I’ve known them for years, they’ve always been a huge supporter of all my stuff. I put it all on their tables, it stays, solid construction. FNA Fabrications, right there, they’re awesome! They know how to do it. High quality. Believe me. Solid.
Table Magnifique
This perfect pairing with the Chaise Magnifique chair is sure to bring any ordinary space from très weak to très chic.
Demesne Round Teak Patio Table
Teak isn't just a status symbol. It's well-suited for outdoor furniture, such as this patio table, due to both its natural beauty and resistance to the elements. It's also lighter than other materials, requires little maintenance and will not get hot in the sun. 
Tabula Rasa Coffee Table
The ultimate blank slate, this contemporary coffee table features clean lines, a neutral palette, and an empty shelf that simply aches to be filled.&#xD;&#xA;
The Thinker
Sink into profound thought in the leather depths of this armchair. Tall arms and shielded sides block out any distraction, while sending the message to all who come near that genius is in the making.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Secret Agent career while in the Villain branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Secret Agent career while in the Villain branch.
Evil Am Eye Swiveler
Just in case someone mistakes you for a good guy, the nefarious glowing eye on this imposing chair will ensure they stand corrected.
Arrrmed Living Chair
Princess Cordelia’s 2nd pirate boyfriend, Captain Chaz MacFreeling, had perpetually tired arms. Due to his vanity, he was always taking out his gold mirror, holding it up to his face and blowing kisses. He commissioned Princess Cordelia to make him this armed living chair so he could rest during social visits. When she dumped him, she kept the chair.
Deep Delight Living Chair
Whether you’re being tossed around in a submersible or simply lounging on land, the deep embrace of this velvet chaise is like no other. Sit back, snuggle in, and hope you never have to stand again. 
Mission Undecided Armchair
Classic Mission-style craftsmanship almost meets comfort in this partially padded living room chair. 
Mega Living Chair
Aren’t you sick of having to treat antiques like they’re made of glass? What’s the value in furniture if it’s irreplaceable? Get rid of all that stress and invest in an antique Mega Living Chair from MegaMission Furniture Warehouse. All our antiques are mass produced, so you can do whatever you want to them!
Mini Me Armchair
Grab that toy remote control and get comfy! This kid-size armchair is cozy as a hug for your little man-in-training.&#xD;&#xA;
Crate Expectations Leather Chair
This comfortable chair combines the luxury of a deep leather seat with a rugged frame built from old crates. PostRustic keeps you guessing.
Simplicit-Ease Chair
Every living room needs a chair like this--simple, straightforward construction for television watching and after-work relaxing.
Pretty Sitter
Sometimes you just want to let go. You want to relax all of your muscles and allow something soft to cradle your body, yet provide you with support in all the right places. Heave a satisfied sigh and give yourself to the Pretty Sitter.
Cloud Chair
Don’t think that we haven’t tried building chairs out of actual clouds. Such is our commitment to fine comfort that we will never give up on that dream! Until then, sink deep into the embrace of a chair that just feels like you’re sitting on a cloud.
The Sleepthrone
Say farewell to the angular captain chairs of years gone by! Instead, recline in the comfort of your very own Laxseat. (Armrest console not included.)
The Solidarity
We are all united. We work, we play, we dance, and we rest. When you sit down to rest you are participating in part of the grand experiment we call life. Savor these moments in Reclamation Homeware’s Solidarity living chair, made from our proprietary blend of premium, pressed garbage.
The Fun-Fun Inflatable Set, Part One
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Blast from the Past Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nFeeling deflated? Inflate some fun with the Fun-Fun Inflatable Set, Part One!\n\nPart One combines quirky style and ultimate relaxation in one bouncy* package. Perfect for lounging, chatting, or sitting. Part One is sure to add a pop of personality to your space!\n\n*Does not support bouncing.
Outdoor Seat
Upon each seat I sat, I am inspector three.\n&#xA;I sit and sat until each seat is completely defect free,\n&#xA;So you can rest at ease that the impressions that you see,\n&#xA;are all just a little bit of me.
Reupholstered Mahogany Chair
Ease into this chair and be transported to paradise! Smell the salty sea breeze, hear the shuffle of banana leaves overhead, and the sun's warmth on your skin. It's not a hallucination! Though, it kind of sounds like a hallucination...
The Lil' Jony
Lil' Jony often let her pigs sit in a chair exactly like this one. Now, like Lil' Jony, you too can sit where Jony's pig sat.
Best Bear Friend
The friendliest of bear chairs is here to be your child's best friend.\nWe won't tell if you want one too.
Unlocked at level 9 of the Business career while in the Management branch.
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Business career while in the Management branch.
Executive Guest Chair
Executives have important guests... but they're not as important as you are! That's why the Executive Guest Chair is specifically calibrated to be 20% less comfortable than the Executron Executive Desk Throne. Because you should always be more comfortable than your guests!
Unlocked at level 7 of the Business career while in the Management branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Business career while in the Management branch.
Executron Executive Desk Throne
Desk chairs are yesterday's news... and they're for peons! Today's executive demands a more impressive seat. Sit in an Executron Executive Desk Throne and command your business empire!
Kindermade Classic High Chair
A high chair made for any home. This essential piece of toddler furniture has been made in a number of colors to match whatever collection of Kindermade items that you may already have.
Mega High Chair