To celebrate, click on the stove to select the Cake Recipe. Afterwards you can Add Birthday Candles and then Celebrate the moment!
Read to a Child for {1.Number} Total Hours
With an adult Sim selected, click on a Children's Book and select Read to Child when a child is present.
Pull {1.Number} Pranks
Reach Level 4 of the Criminal Career
Perform Voodoo {1.Number} Times
Reach Level 8 of the Criminal Career
Perform {1.Number} Mean or Mischievous Interactions
To increase Mischief skill, click on a Sim and select a Social from the Mischief category or read a Mischief Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Mischievious Sims can clog Sinks and Drains
Clog Drains at {1.Number} Different Homes
To increase Mischief skill, click on a Sim and select a Social from the Mischief category or read a Mischief Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Achieve Level {1.Number} Mischief Skill
Click on a Sim and select a prank from the Mischief category. Sims can also use other objects to Prank Sims like the Phone, Computer, and Observatory.
To increase Mischief skill, click on a Sim and select a Social from the Mischief category or read a Mischief Skill Book. Skill Books can be purchased directly from a Bookshelf by using the Purchase Books interaction!
Click on the Computer and select a Mischievous interaction. Sims can Send Chain Letters, Hack, and more!
Click on the Voodoo Doll to perform Voodoo on another Sim. Don't forget to bind the Voodoo Doll to a Sim first.
Use a Computer to cause Mischief {1.Number} Times
Click on a Sim and select Declare Enemy. This interaction is unlocked by performing Mean Socials to decrease Relationship.
Have {1.Number} Declared Enemies
To become a Criminal, click on the Phone or Computer and select the Find a Job interaction. To get promoted, complete Promotion Requirements and attend work in the Career's Ideal Mood.
Sims can die from fire, drowning, starvation, extreme emotion, and more!
Witness the Death of a Sim
Click on a Sim and select Fight! Continuously performing Mean Socials will decrease relationship and provoke Anger.
Get into {1.Number} Fights
To become a Criminal, click on the Phone or Computer and select the Find a Job interaction. To get promoted, complete Promotion Requirements and attend work in the Career's Ideal Mood.
To celebrate, click on the stove to select the Cake Recipe. Afterwards you can Add Birthday Candles and then Celebrate the moment!
Become an Adult
Have a Declared Enemy
To become a Criminal, click on the Phone or Computer and select the Find a Job interaction.
Join the Criminal Career
Continue to perform Socials from the Mean category to incur the wrath of other Sims.
Continue to perform Socials from the Mean category to incur the wrath of other Sims.
Be Disliked by {1.Number} Sims
Click on a Sim and select a Social from the Mean or Mischief category.
Fireplace Channel
Cooking
Channel Surf
Channel Surf
Action
Lullabies Radio
Sweet lullabies and goodnight music.
Winter Holiday
Music for the winter holidays
Music for when you're in the mood for a fright
Romance
Sultry sounds of love
R&amp;B
Rhythm to dance to. Blues to feel.
Retro
Tunes from the ol' days
Nature Soundscapes
Chirping birds, gentle rainfall, and other tranquil sounds.
Mixed Music
Mixed Music Autonomous
Kids Radio
Music: by kids, for kids, about kids. 
Hip Hop
Hip Hop Autonomous
World
Music for the rest of the world.
S-Pop
Music to enjoy.
Carnaval Beats
Sounds inspired by the tropical and festive beats of Brazil's Carnaval
Healthy
Fine
Sickly
Dead
Dying
Blossoming
Mature
Sprouted
Planted
Growth Stage
Ready to Evolve!
On-Track
Devolved
Withered
Sodden
Wet
Moist
Dry
Arid
Moisture
Bug-Free
A Few Bugs
Infested
Insects
N/A (was {0.String})
Perfect
Magnificent
Excellent
Nice
Normal
Wild
Quality
Nutrients
Cultivated
Potted