Starborn Freezer Boney
A Freezer Boney from beyond our solar system. Its plastic frame shimmers with the vastness of a distant galaxy.
Original Freezer Boney
A supremely skeletal Freezer Boney. It would be much more terrifying to stumble upon one of these if they weren't so darn cute. 
Find this item in your Sim's inventory.
Collection
Spectral Spritzer
A cloying concoction that will give Sims a taste of the afterlife in one ghastly gulp.\n\n&lt;b&gt;Requires Mixology Skill Level 6&lt;/b&gt;
Find this item under Make Drinks on a Bar
Drink Recipe
Prowling Peepers
Supernatural feline eyes suitable for stalking the night in search of prey.
This eye color can be applied in Create a Sim, under the Eyes category.
Grim's Cruiser
Travel the mortal realm in style with this faithful replica of the Grim Reaper's cruiser bike!
Find this item in Build Mode under Transportation, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Transportation
Trad Goth Button-Up
Embrace the night in this elegant, goth-chic button-up.
Find this item under Tops in Create a Sim, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Portrait of Lady Mimsy Alcorn Shallot in the Garden
A portrait of Lady Mimsy Alcorn Shallot enjoying an afternoon in the gardens of the Von Haunt estate. Some people say they've seen the painting move, but that's probably just an urban legend, right?
Find this item in Build Mode under Paintings &amp; Posters, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Life &amp; Death Tattoo
No one appreciates the circle of life more than the Grim Reaper.
Find this item under Tattoos in Create a Sim, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Casket of Quiet Repose
A traditional burial casket adorned with a floral skull inspired by the Grim Reaper himself. This model has been fitted with extra padding and sound proofing, guaranteeing a peaceful rest for the occupant.
Find this item in Build Mode under Beds, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Comfort
Trad Goth Buckled Boots
These boots are perfect for a moonlit stroll through the local cemetery.
Find this item under Shoes in Create a Sim, or use the Event Rewards filter.
The Green Lady's Lost Tome
Once thought lost in the Von Haunt Estate fire of 1898, this treatise contains the secrets to making Ambrosia and appears to have been authored Lady Mimsy Alcorn Shallot herself.
Find this item in Build Mode in the Misc category under Activities and Skills, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Activities and Skills
Trad Goth Jeans
Darkness meets denim with these sleek and traditional goth jeans.
Find this item under Bottoms in Create a Sim, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Scare Seeker Lot Challenge
Lots with this challenge fill Sims with eldritch excitement, and attract other Sims looking for a ghoulishly good time.
This Lot Challenge can be found in the Traits Panel in Build Mode.
Lot Challenge
Earrings of Imminent Demise
While wearing these earrings, you can always feel the cold hand of the Grim Reaper tugging at your soul.
Find this item under Piercings in Create a Sim, or use the Event Rewards filter.
The Grimophone
A supernatural sound system with a direct line to Grim himself, allowing his mortal acquaintances to summon him day or night. It can also play your favorite tunes, if you're into that sort of thing.
Find this item in Build Mode under Audio, or use the Event Rewards filter.
Autumn Apparel
Autumn Apparel
Cozy and Classy
A Chill in the Air
Light the candles and prepare the rituals to appease your ghastly new roommates.
Paranormal
Paranormal
Calm the Spirits
Cleanse Your Home
Meet Ghastly Roommates
Embrace reclaimed architectural design inspired by the converted warehouses of Brooklyn, New York.
Industrial Loft
Industrial Loft
Expose the Elements
Curate the Contemporary
Relax in a plush, cozy space and get lost in a good story with The Sims™ 4 Book Nook Kit.
Book Nook
Book Nook
Comfy and Cozy
A Reader’s Retreat
Vintage Glamour
Vintage Glamour Stuff
Throw perfect parties.
Party Essentials
Party Essentials
Every Day’s a Party
Celebrate Anything
Bring a modern vision of nature’s spirit into your Sims' living room with The Sims™ 4 Modern Retreat.
Modern Retreat
Modern Retreat
Where Comfort Meets Connection
Give your Sims a professional edge with chic and stylish outfits from The Sims™ 4 Business Chic Kit!
Business Chic
Business Chic
Tailored for Success
Turn the center of your Sim’s home into paradise with the lush, vibrant designs!
Courtyard Oasis
Courtyard Oasis
Lush and Vibrant Items
Create Your Oasis
Surround your Sims in clean clothes while living a rustic lifestyle.
Laundry Day
Laundry Day Stuff
Find love in this romantic place packed with charm.
Lovestruck
Lovestruck
Ciudad Enamorada
A city for the romantics, Ciudad Enamorada is well known for its ample opportunities for romantic getaways and scandalous trysts. Whether head over heels or still looking for love, this city provides passionate moments for each. An aspiring romantic can explore Vista Hermosa for the warm and welcoming suburban life, the lush and picturesque Plaza Mariposa for walking hand in hand at sunset, or the traditional meets modern Nuevo Corazón for those seeking the alluring temptation of the nightlife.
Enchanting Locale
Love is in the air thanks to the romantic vistas, charming park, and passionate Sims.