Nesting Blocks are the perfect learning toys for Toddlers to expand their minds and skills. Find them in the Toddler sort in the Kids section of the Build Mode catalog.
Buy Nesting Blocks
Toddlers prefer to eat in a High Chair. Find it in the Toddler sort in the Kids section of the Build Mode catalog.
Buy a High Chair
The Toddler Bookcase comes with Toddler friendly picture books. Find it in the Toddler sort in the Kids section of the Build Mode catalog.
Buy a Toddler Bookcase
Toddlers need a special Toddler Bed. Find it in the Toddler sort in the Kids section of the Build Mode catalog.
Buy a Toddler Bed
Purchase a Stereo  from Build Mode. Look for it in the Living Room Sort!
Buy a Stereo
Purchase a Rocket Ship from Build Mode.
Buy a Rocket Ship
Purchase a Punching Bag from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Punching Bag
Put your postcards on display! Purchase a Corkboard from Build Mode. Look for it in the Storage dropdown!
Buy a Postcard Corkboard
Buy a Pool Light from Build Mode.
Buy a Pool Light
Buy a Pool Ladder from Build Mode.
Buy Pool Ladder
Purchase a Piano in Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort.
Buy a Piano
Purchase an Oven from Build Mode. Look for it in the Kitchen Room Sort!
Buy an Oven while Inspired
Purchase an Oven from Build Mode. Look for it in the Kitchen Room Sort!
Buy an Oven
Purchase an Observatory from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Purchase a New Computer  from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a New Computer
Purchase a Motion Gaming Rig from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Motion Gaming Rig
Purchase a Microscope from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Microscope
Purchase a Microphone from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Microphone Stand
Buy an Object from the Kids category in Build Mode worth at least {0.Money}.
Buy a Kids Object Worth {0.Money}
Purchase an Instrument from Build Mode. Look for them in the Study Room Sort!
Buy an Instrument
Purchase a Guitar from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Guitar
Purchase a Refrigerator for over {0.Money} from Build Mode.
Buy an Expensive Fridge
Purchase a Refrigerator from Build Mode. Look for it in the Kitchen Room Sort!
Put your elements on display! Purchase an Element Display Rack from Build Mode. Look for it in the Storage dropdown!
Purchase an Element Display Rack
Purchase an Easel from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy an Easel
Purchase a Dishwasher from Build Mode. Look for it in the Kitchen Room Sort!
Buy a Dishwasher
Purchase a Cupcake Factory from Build Mode. Look for it in the Appliances category.
Buy a Cupcake Factory
Purchase a Computer from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Computer
Purchase a Chess Table from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Chess Table
Purchase a Couch or Chair from Build Mode. Look for them in the Living Room Sort!
Purchase a Card Table from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Card Table
Purchase a Bookshelf from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Bookshelf
Purchase a Bonsai Tree  from Build Mode. Look for it in the Study Room Sort!
Buy a Bonsai Tree
Purchase a Bed from Build Mode. Look for it in the Bedroom Sort!
The Park is a great place to adventure, play and spend that youthful energy. It's even more exciting with friends! Travel to a nearby Park and participate in skill building activities for your Child Sim such as Playscapes, Chess Board or Fishing!
Play Games and Activities that builds Skill while at a Park
Children learn to build their first relationships through their stuffed animals. Did you know you can do just that!? Place then interact with the stuffed animal from your Household inventory and build enough Friendship or Dislike to use the Imaginary Play, Tell a Secret or Threaten to Throw Away interactions.\n\nWill you choose to carry the fond memories of Friendship into your Teens or have you become too old for such things and Dislike the childishness of it all?
Imaginary Play, Tell Secret or Threaten to Throw Away your Stuffed Animal
They say some friends are monsters. And some monsters are friends. The one under your bed isn't so scary! Become friends with the monster and then interact with it.
After becoming friends, talk with the Monster under your bed
The Grim Reaper could really use a friend. Use friendly interactions to improve your friendship with Grim.\n\n&lt;i&gt;(+35 Event Points)&lt;/i&gt;
Become Friends and Socialize with the Grim Reaper
Have Attendees be Playful at the Same Time
Have Attendees be Inspired at the Same Time
Have Attendees be Focused at the Same Time
Have Attendees be Flirty at the Same Time
Have Attendees be Energized at the Same Time
Have Attendees be Confident at the Same Time
The mood of the attendees can be influenced in a number of ways, for example through Emotional Decor, Lecturing to them, or using an Incense or Oil Burner.
Select Mentor on an Attendee who is engaging in a Skill building activity, or Offer Mentoring on a Skill building object and choose an Attendee to Mentor.
Listen to lecture for 30 Minutes
Use the Listen to Lecture interaction on the Hobby Class Instructor when they are lecturing at the Whiteboard.
Listen to Lecture for 45 Minutes
Lecture for 45 Minutes
Lecture for 60 Minutes
Select the Hold Lecture or Hold Lecture for interaction on the Whiteboard that the Hobby Class was started from.
&lt;i&gt;The Gardening skill is growing, but it'll take more than planting a few things to succeed. Nurturing it further will unlock the ability to Research the skill and fertilize plants.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nYou completed a Dream goal and earned 500 Simoleons as a reward!\n\nKeep playing to continue the Dream!
Selling things that you own is a quick way to make Simoleons!\n\nSell something in Build Mode by selecting it and moving it to the Sell section or open your Inventory and drag an object to the sell section.\n\nLeft click this goal for more info
Sell an Item
Careers are a great way to make Simoleons!\n\nOpen the Career Panel on the bottom right or press J and Join a Career!\n\nLeft click this goal for more info
Get a career
Taking a Bubble Bath, Telling Jokes, or lighting Campfire Oil or Incense are good ways to become Playful.
Become Playful
Taking a Thoughtful Shower, Browsing Art on a Computer, or burning Pinetree Oil or Incense are good ways to become Inspired.
Become Inspired
Browsing Simpedia on a Computer, Studying an Element or Fossil, or burning Birchwood Oil or Incense are good ways to become Focused.
Become Focused
Taking a Steamy Shower, Freshen Up on a mirror, or burning Lilac Oil or Incense are good ways to become Flirty.
Become Flirty
Taking a Brisk Shower, drinking Coffee, or burning Elderflower Oil or Incense are good ways to become Energized.