Sofia has developed the Savant trait and will learn skills at a rapid pace! Leonardo, on the other hand, has developed the Carefree trait. His nonchalant approach to life will help him avoid getting in tense moods.
Leonardo over-achieves, Sofia slacks off.
With the support of encouraging parents and perhaps a little tough love, the rebellious Sofia can surely get her act together. Or perhaps, her carefree influence will encourage Leonardo to skip school and jeopardize his grades as well? Continue to guide the siblings towards becoming unique adults!
Leonardo, once a rambunctious scamp, is now a Grade A student and teenager of multiple talents. Sofia, a precocious child, has turned into a slacker with a poor academic record. 
Leonardo has developed the Entrepreneurial trait and will climb careers and get promoted faster. Sofia, on the other hand, has developed the Carefree trait, and her nonchalant approach to life will help her avoid getting into tense moods. 
Sims develop traits as they come-of-age and both teenagers and adults deserve a chance to adopt a new personality. Re-Traiting Potions allow you to choose new traits for your Sims! 
Raised Responsible Teenagers
Leonardo and Sofia excelled beyond your - and their principal's - expectations. Providing a stable, encouraging environment to enrich your children paid off, and your teenagers are set up to grow into successful young adults. However, your job as parents is not done yet! Help your teenagers become their best selves with a Re-Traiting Potion!
Pablo and Jennifer couldn't be prouder. Their once-struggling children grew into model teenagers, and are surely on track to becoming upstanding adults. 
Leonardo has developed the Entrepreneurial Trait and will climb careers and be promoted faster. Sofia has developed the Savant trait and will learn skills significantly faster.
Raised Wild Teenagers
Leonardo and Sofia did not excel yet as students, but there are many ways to set Sims up for success in life. The world is still their oyster - they just need a little more attention and encouragement to unlock their potential. Help them turn around their grades or encourage their free spirits -- your choice! 
Sofia and Leonardo did not quite live up to their academic potential. There's always time to turn it around...
Leonardo and Sofia have received the Carefree trait. Their nonchalant approach to life helps them avoid feeling stressed out and being in tense moods. 
Coming in Hot
Sometimes Woohoo is just &lt;i&gt;fun&lt;/i&gt;, but sometimes it’s the spark that lights a bonfire. No matter what happens next, it’s an experience Farrah—and her fling—won’t soon forget.
Beguiling Trait. Beguiling Sims can put anyone in a Flirty mood with just one look.
Great First Impression
Farrah’s new friends had a blast at the party and can’t wait to hang out with her again!
1000 Satisfaction Points.
Under the Radar
500 Satisfaction Points.
Love at First Sight
The party is over, but things are just getting started. What's in the future for Farrah and her new sweetheart? Will their flame die out as fast as it ignited, or will their love burn bright and steady for many years to come? The next chapter in their story is yours to write! 
Farrah is barely done unpacking, and she’s already in a committed relationship. This must be a new record! 
Great Kisser Trait. Great Kissers have amazing success when kissing, and increase Charisma with every kiss!
Instant Friends
The party is over, but Farrah has just gotten started. And with new beginnings comes new possibilities! Perhaps she’ll become a renowned party planner, a celebrated comedian, or find a new job through the connections she's made? Will she find true love, break hearts all over town, or dance the night away with her best friends? All of the above? The next chapter in her story is yours to write!
How can you feel so connected to someone you’ve just met? It’s only been a few days, but Farrah has already made a really good friend.
Connections Trait. Sims with Connections start all Careers several levels ahead!
Talk of the Town
The party is over, but Farrah has just gotten started. She's energized by all the possibilities of her new life! Perhaps she’ll become a renowned party planner, a celebrated comedian, or a notorious prankster? Will she find true love, break hearts all over town, or dance the night away with her best friends? All of the above? The next chapter in her story is yours to write!
Farrah &lt;i&gt;really&lt;/i&gt; knows how to make an entrance! Sims all over town are eagerly looking forward to her next party. But can she live up to the hype?
Seldom Sleepy Trait. Seldom Sleepy Sims need less sleep than other Sims.
Welcome Newcomer
The party is over, but Farrah has just gotten started. And with new beginnings comes new possibilities! Perhaps she’ll become a renowned party planner, a celebrated comedian, or a notorious prankster? Will she find true love, break hearts all over town, or dance the night away with her best friends? All of the above? The next chapter in her story is yours to write!
Town explored, check! New friends, check! Housewarming party, check! Farrah sure deserves some rest after these eventful first days in her new home.
750 Satisfaction Points.
Inspired Explorer Trait. Inspired Explorers have an easier time building Relationships and Skills while outside their home neighborhood.
Made Grandma Proud
Will you honor your grandmother's legacy by continuing to build the family towards greatness? Or slide back into old ways, courtesy of your newfound wealth? The choice is yours. 
The three squabbling siblings did it! Whether by being great actors or by undergoing a personality change, your Sims managed to prove to their grandmother that they deserve to be a part of the family - and receive a part of the family fortune.
Next time, wait until AFTER the family fortune has been secured before doing anything... final. 
This household is missing a sibling! Whether they were kicked out, left voluntarily, or disappeared under mysterious circumstances, Grandma made it clear that no one was getting a single Simoleon unless the family came together. 
Grandmother Dies Under Suspicious Circumstances
Next time, make sure you have truly won over your grandmother before doing anything suspicious. 
Grandmother passed away under what her estate lawyer considers to be very mysterious circumstances. While only the siblings know what truly happened, her will ensures that if there is suspicion of foul play, no one will be receiving a dime. 
Grandmother's Spirit Lives On
While the death of grandma cut deep, Sims are capable of extraordinary things. Find a way to bring your grandmother back to life, let her continue on as a ghost, or let her go back to the netherworld. Your choice!
The three siblings couldn't bear to let their stern, but loving grandmother go. Bringing her back as a ghost means that her guidance, love, and stern advice will continue on from beyond the grave. 
One Dish of Ambrosia to Bring a Ghost Back to Life!
Giving It All Away
Fortune can always be rebuilt. Go forward with the work ethic your grandmother taught you and see what you can achieve!
Not only did the three siblings learn the importance of family, they also learned the value of giving back. While you'll have to earn your way now, you can be assured your grandmother would be proud. 
Each Sim has grown a new trait to reflect their personality growth!
We Don't Care About Your Money
The world is your oyster now. Be a bum or prove that you can make your own fortune without grandma's help - the choice is yours. 
The three siblings chose not to put on an act for their grandmother's fortune and went so far as to give it away, rather than have it continue to pull their strings. Perhaps this was the best way to be free after all. 
Each Sim has grown a new trait to reflect their journey!
Reshaping the Family
Continue to restructure your household as you see fit! Sims can be added and removed as you see fit in the Manage Households menu.
The three squabbling siblings are no more! Those who remain will have a little more fortune to share, but may find it a little difficult to look in the mirror. 
The remaining siblings have received the Mastermind trait!
Let Grandma Down
Build your own fortune, grow your family, and live your life without your grandmother pulling the strings! Maybe this is actually a good thing?
Maybe you tried, maybe you didn't, but the result was, grandma didn't buy it. The three siblings will have to make ends meet on their own now. 
Grandmother Haunts Us Forever
You may have failed to earn the fortune, but Sims are always capable of redemption. Relationships can be rebuilt, ghosts can be brought back to life, and the approval of a disappointed matriarch can still be won. 
The three siblings failed to convince their grandmother that they genuinely changed. Guilty consciences prevailed, and the trio brought their grandmother back as a ghost to give them yet another lecture.
A Happy Family at Last
Satisfaction Points
Though you might have been lazy or mean in the past, with Re-Traiting Potions and your grandmother's wisdom (and money), you can be anyone you want now. Forge a new legacy for the family!
The three squabbling siblings came together and proved their worth. By getting along as a family and healing the rift between siblings, you showed your grandmother that you're ready to lead the family.
3 Re-Traiting Potions to change siblings personality
Story Endings
Start With...
Lift each other up to reach the top! Break the bias and empower the next generation.
Well Rounded
Some Sims need a little push in the right direction; they need to be shown the ropes, given the rundown, lowdown, and just generally rounded out.\n\nThis is the start of what could be an amazing Sim!
Adulting
Sim is level 3 in any Career, has 3 Friends, and completes 2 Milestones of an Aspiration
Perfectly Well Rounded
Some Sims are extremely impressive: they’re experts in many topics, they’re well-liked by others, and they’ve followed their dreams unapologetically. It’s not easy to be so well rounded, but it’s a path worth pursuing.
The End
Someone's Missing
Fulfilled Sim
Aim to get the happy toddler reward trait for this gaggle of whiz kids in the making!
Can a Sim master the art of caring for a bunch of Toddlers and provide all the attention, care, and love that they need to thrive?
Too Many Toddlers
Toddlers range from cute bundles of adorableness to mess-making, fussy tyrants. One is a handful, but THREE!? Can an overwhelmed Sim figure out how to give a bunch of Toddlers all the attention and care they need to thrive?
Too Many To Handle
Adult Supervision Required
Your rewards can be found in your Sim's Inventory. Use them to make your Sim Happy or Flirty!\nYou can purchase more in the Rewards Store through the Aspiration Panel.
Congratulations! You have completed the Exploring the World Discovery Quest.
Don't stop now, continue your Sim family journey however you like!
Congratulations on completing this Dream!
Don't stop now, continue your Sim family journey however you like!
Congratulations on completing this Dream!
Don't stop now, continue your Sim family journey however you like!
Congratulations on completing this Dream!