Repair Service
Pizza
Gardening Service
Turn On All Lights
Turn Off All Lights
Get Married to
Go Home
Make Toast
Send Home
Immediately sends this Sim home. No questions asked. No hard feelings.
Immediately sends all visitors home with no hard feelings.
Get Off My Lawn!
Send Everyone Home
Go Near Toddler
Complain about Lack of Fun
(From Geothermal Lot Trait)
Route to Safety
Can't route while on fire!
Drink Energy Juice
Stretch
Do Sit Ups
Do Push Ups
Since there's a baby on the way, Sim Social Services has provided a complimentary bassinet for the little one.
{0.SimFirstName} requires an empty bassinet in order to give birth.
Daydream
Chatting with {0.String}
Your Sims can't take off their clothes in front of a child.
Survive the Blowout
Meet {1.SimFirstName}
Call Over Group
This Sim needs to be invited in first.
This Sim is too far away to Call Over.
Share Wedding Cake
Attempt Mental Telepathy
Ask to Have Science Baby
Adopt as Care Dependent
{0.SimFirstName} is now a caregiver of {1.SimFirstName}. This means {M0.he}{F0.she} will check on that toddler's needs on a regular basis.
{0.SimFirstName} is now being cared for by {1.SimFirstName}. This means {M1.he}{F1.she}'ll check on that toddler's needs on a regular basis.
The time spent woodworking has paid off well. Check your Sim's inventory.
The finished woodwork has been placed in the household inventory.
Scrap Woodwork
Welcome
Wait to Place Order with Wait Staff
Your waiter will come to your table soon to take your order. Are you sure you want to cancel?
Waiting for Bathroom
Going Home?
This will end {0.SimFirstName}'s vacation and send {M0.him}{F0.her} home.
Invite to Join Vacation
The house is full.
Extend Getaway
End Vacation
End Getaway
This will end the Vacation and send everyone Home. Do you want to continue?
Share the Love
Play with {1.SimFirstName}
Hug
Sims can't do this while wearing no clothing.
Hug It Out Over Hitting
Express Disappointment For Hitting
Encourage Hitting
Ask Not To Hit
Tell Not To Hit
Give Time Out For Hitting
Ground For Hitting
Yell At For Hitting
Comfort
Express Love
Soothe
Change Diaper
Order to Change Diaper
High Five
You're giving me something I made? Uh okay...
This looks familiar. Wait a sec, I made this!
Receive Gift
Give Gift
Tents cannot be placed in a Sim's inventory while in use.
This object cannot be placed in a Sim's inventory while in use.
Remove any items on this object before placing it into a Sim's inventory.
Gardening Lesson
Aspiration Lesson
Welcome to our latest series, where we guide you through the process of cooking Ambrosia!\n\nIf you have your Snapdragon planted then the next step is to work on your Cooking and Gardening Skills. The best way to do this is to feed your garden and yourself!
Ambrosia Society Newsletter
Cooking Lesson
This week, we continue to work on Gardening. You'll also need to make sure you start getting Satisfaction Points, you'll need them later!\n\nAmbrosia requires some creative plant manipulation, so you should also grab a cutting of Lily and Snapdragon this week. Check out Magnolia Blossom Park in Willow Creek to find some wild Lily and Snapdragon.
Fishing Lesson
This week we are getting the final details rounded out before we are ready to cook Ambrosia! You need to max out your Cooking and Gourmet Cooking skills before you attempt to cook up the dish next week.
Another week, another newsletter! This week it's time to catch the first ingredient, an Angelfish!\n\nAmbrosia is a gourmet dish, so it's time to learn the Gourmet Cooking skill.\n\nIs your garden blossoming? Ambrosia requires a Death Flower, so this week, you will also need to graft an Orchid and Pomegranate plant.
This week, the Death Flower should be just within reach.\n\nWhile you're waiting for it to grow, make sure you continue working on your Cooking and Gourmet Cooking skills! They will come in handy when you're eventually ready to cook Ambrosia.
Aspiration Lesson
Welcome to the final edition of our newsletter! It's time for all your hard work to pay off. Cook Ambrosia from the Gourmet Cooking recipes.\n\nOnce it's cooked, you can bring a ghost back to life with this magical dish!
You know what I love? Getting up and walking out of my room and stepping into a puddle of who-knows-what left by who-knows-who that's been sitting there for who-knows-how-long. Oh, gosh, I just love it so, so much.
Dear roommate,\n\nPlease clean me so I know that you care. NO, don't just put me down you MONSTER\n\nLove,\nthe dish you just used
Is someone living here attempting to go for a record in how much toilet paper a single Sim can use? I can think of no other explanation for how quickly we run out.
Scientists say that washing yourself not only keeps you healthier but also can mean other people like you more! Just thought I'd share that fun science fact!!
Please follow THE GOLDEN RULE. I don't come into your room and touch your stuff, do I? No, I don't.
I'm not saying that I'm the best roommate, but at least I'm not {0.SimFirstName}.
(From Reading a Roommate's Note)
(From Reading an Old Acceptance Letter)
Cannot be put into Sim Inventory while cooking
Run the Clear Table interaction to remove all objects from the table first.