A fireplace can create the atmosphere, but what’s a fireplace without fire? Well... a place? However, a fireplace is not complete without the appropriate tools: Shovel, brush, poker… that infamous tool that can be turned into the murder weapon in any half-decent mystery story… Or was it the butler with the candle holder? Maybe we should read more Bagatha Chrisptea! Well, you got your fireplace, now you need your tools to go with it. You can even get the tools without a fireplace: they alone can create the atmosphere. The narrow-minded could call it silly, but the sharp-minded will appreciate that post-sim-modern attitude towards fire and its tools.
LaLa the Llama
We here at Kindermade know no matter what we name something, kids are going to come up with another name. So, we let them name the llama. LaLa the Llama is a big hit with the kids! At least we think so...they keep saying the name. They won't stop. 
Wicker-Work Diaper Storage
Your little one's going to make a mess in the diapers anyway, but there's something satisfying about the fresh ones not looking messy when you're changing them.
&quot;Onward&quot; The Adventurous Gnome
This sculpture commemorates the Legend of Onward, The Adventurous Gnome that says:\n\n&lt;i&gt;There was once a Gnome that wanted adventure.\nLived in a giant tree, with all his inventions.\n\nOne day he befriended a Chicken that grew and grew with all the attention to a size that could not register,\nthe Gnome paid no mind and continued to favor.\n\nOne day, the Chicken spoke, offered a ride through the moors.\nThe Gnome was stoked! Packed everything in one go!\nHe jumped on it and began their journey, and across all the town they rode.\nForever and never alone.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nPlace this statue in your Lot and let your imagination wander…
El Gran Jarrón
Growing up there was always something in the house that was pretty much untouchable. This usually was a sculpture of some kind, or some giant object placed in a very strategic corner of the home.\n\nEl Gran Jarrón is definitely this object! Set it up somewhere your Sims can only see but not touch and let it grace your Lot with its presence and colourful vibe. What do you think it hides inside? No tocar!
Florinda Pergola
Imagine yourself and your loved ones sitting in cozy chair arrangements, or waiting for the grill to finish up some delicious &lt;i&gt;Parrilla&lt;/i&gt;. This colourful pergola will allow for breeze and light sunlight, and will make any space more inviting for all your guests and loved ones.
Hungry Like The Duck
Did you shoot this duck? Of course not, but he doesn't care. This duck is angry. This duck is hunting you. So get yours today! Great for kids bedrooms, and birthday parties!
Buyer Beware
This treasure chest will gladly devour your precious items to keep them safe from harm.
Unlocked at level 5 of the Business career.
Unlock by reaching level 5 of the Business career.
The Ornate Beauty
Use this intricately detailed box to hold onto those precious items that you hold dear.
Pie Chart Presentation
Pie charts would be better if they came with pie, but at least they have pretty pictures and colors to dull the senses.
Long Country-Style Pot Rack
If your vaulted cathedral ceilings feel a little too airy and light, cut through the emptiness with the girders supporting this bucolic pot rack. 
Medium Country-Style Pot Rack
Our classic pottery storage solution, customized with supports hand-carved against the cross-grain from ancient petrified oaken forests. 
Country-Style Pot Rack
Hewn from timber reclaimed from condemned log cabins, this elegant fixture lends a rustic and rugged look to any hearth. 
Unlocked at level 7 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Ceiling Pot Rack, Oval
This oval pot rack can hold hundreds of pounds of high-quality cookware suspended above your head.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Professional Ceiling-Mounted Pot Rack
A professional-grade hanging pot rack for your professional-grade pots.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Heavy Dutiest Pot Rack
Show off your professional-quality pans with this professional-quality rack, sturdy enough to hang even a medium-sized animal carcass for smoking or curing.
Baby Genius Mobile
Delight your child’s eyes and brain with this colorful array of shapes. Every time it rotates, a neuron grows! 
Low-Hanging Master Chef Pot Rack
Our classic epicurean pot rack on long, elegant extender cables. Perfect for the very short, aspiring junior chefs, and floor-level cooking surfaces.
Mid-Height Master Chef Pot Rack
BAM! Our classic gets a little down and but not terribly dirty in this version. Perfect for homes with higher ceilings or shorter chefs.
Master Chef Pot Rack
A pinch of this, a dash of that, a small sprig of elbow grease to mount this pot rack to the ceiling, and you've got yourself a kitchen! BAM!
Dizzy Palms Ceiling Fan
How about you give this contraption a spin and see how cool it is!
Grandmother's Will
The last will and testament of your grandmother. The fate of the family's estate lies within...
Junior Wizard Starter Set
Boiling points! Catalysts! Exothermal reactions! A child with an authentic science experiment set has a 624% increased chance of getting into the best colleges.
satelliteDish_bm
satelliteDish_bm
{S.Plumbing Upgrade Part}{P.Plumbing Upgrade Parts}
A part useful for advanced plumbing upgrades.
{S.Kitchen Upgrade Part}{P.Kitchen Upgrade Parts}
A part useful for advanced kitchen upgrades.
{S.Common Upgrade Part}{P.Common Upgrade Parts}
A generic part usable in many different types of upgrades.
{S.Electronic Upgrade Part}{P.Electronic Upgrade Parts}
A part used for advanced electronics upgrades.
Yin &amp; Yang Circular Rug
Night and day, masculine and feminine, this irresistible rug unites all of existence into a single shed-free circle.
Square Rug
This is a rug. It has four right angles. It has lines. It is a pretty rug. It will make your home pretty.
Safety Area Rug
Never again will you or your family sustain injury on sharp, prickly rug corners! This decorative area rug features only smooth, rounded curves. 
Unlocked at level 3 of the Entertainer career.
Unlock by reaching level 3 of the Entertainer career.
Sim Idol Rug
Make your dreams come true—the easy way! Don’t bother working hard and paying dues. Just put this rug in your hallway and demand attention!
Magic Carpet
Feel the rhythms and exotic pleasures of foreign lands with a fringed floor piece woven with the colorful silks and charming yarns of lands beyond.
Princess Cordelia Royal Rug
One advantage a submersible has over nearly any other sea vessel is that the floor stays completely dry. But that’s not to say it’s warm-not in the least. Princess Cordelia designed this beautiful and luxurious rug to keep her royal toes as toasty as can be when she rose from bed on the Eppsilon.
Native Ways Handmade Rug
This handmade rug in dyed wool is the perfect accessory for a more rustic, earthy look.
Kindermade Kushy Floor Art
Children spend a lot of time on the floor. They crawl around, play with action figures, you name it! They need cushioning for their knees now because it won’t do them much good once they’re old and their knees are shot. Several fun designs!!
Show Your Stripes&#xD;&#xA;
Make a bold statement with bright, happy stripes across invitingly soft wool. &#xD;&#xA;
Super Sisal Eco Rugs (Large)
Woven from eco-friendly natural fibers and available in an assortment of colors, these durable sisal rugs repel stains while attracting unfettered admiration.&#xD;&#xA;
Super Sisal Eco Rugs (Square)
Woven from eco-friendly natural fibers and available in an assortment of colors, these durable sisal rugs repel stains while attracting unfettered admiration.&#xD;&#xA;
Super Sisal Eco Rugs (Medium)
Woven from eco-friendly natural fibers and available in an assortment of colors, these durable sisal rugs repel stains while attracting unfettered admiration.&#xD;&#xA;
Super Sisal Eco Rugs (Small)
Woven from eco-friendly natural fibers and available in an assortment of colors, these durable sisal rugs repel stains while attracting unfettered admiration.&#xD;&#xA;
Textural Textiles Rug (Large)
These hand-tufted silk rugs put color center stage. Subtle, uneven texturing adds superficial interest. &#xD;&#xA;
Textural Textiles Rug (Medium)
These hand-tufted silk rugs put color center stage. Subtle, uneven texturing adds superficial interest. &#xD;&#xA;
These hand-tufted silk rugs put color center stage. Subtle, uneven texturing adds superficial interest. &#xD;&#xA;
Textural Textiles Rug (Small)&#xD;&#xA;
Unlocked at level 7 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
A Stroke of Genius