Mystery
Emotional
Cooking Skill
Mischief Skill
Gemology Skill
Romance Skill
Mixology Skill
Tome
Handiness Skill
Poetry
Flirty
Energized
Supernatural
Rocket Science Skill
Writing Skill
Pottery Skill
Screenplay
Charisma Skill
Thanatology Skill
Playful
Video Gaming Skill
Piano Skill
Robotics Skill
Logic Skill
Parenting Skill
Fitness Skill
Science Fiction
Knitting Skill
Archaeology Skill
Painting Skill
Guitar Skill
Herbalism Skill
Biography
Gourmet Cooking Skill
Sad
Fabrication Skill
Non-Fiction
Children's
Research and Debate Skill
Snowy the Sandman
There must have been some magic in…\n&#xA;Those old starfish they found.\n&#xA;For when they placed them on his chest…\n&#xA;…the sand just crumbled away. It was horrible. I’ll never forget the expression on poor Snowy’s face as he was washed away in the surf.
Decorative Presents - Large
If a catalog could sigh, this one would. A large version of this Decorative farce? Because the smaller stack wasn't enough of a slap in the face to your loved ones?  Sure, it’s decorative, but it’s deceptively festive, and that’s the wrong flavor of festive. Focus next time on gingerbread or candy canes, you know? Happy Holidays?
Papercraft Ceiling Decorations
The lost art of papercraft is finding new vigor! Youth across the nation are taking time away from their digital selves, and are discovering how the kids from the past spent their days pre-internet... cutting, crafting, glueing, and stringing up their art, all in the name of papercraft.
Flip-Flop Wall Lights
Are they on? Are they off?&#xA;With so much flip flopping it’s impossible to tell!
Glass, Wax, and Wood
The trinity wholeness of the triangular expression of the bottle placements in conjunction with their wax-like appendages reaching forth into the vastness of space, complimented by the nearly ninety degree angles of the lifeless branch laying beneath the uplifting bottles is metaphoric expression of the highest caliber.
Log Display LV-426
I'll tell you what I know...\n\nWhen you set down an LV-426, you'll feel an unexplained attachment to all the details. Whenever you rest your gaze upon LV-426, it'll feel like a hug for your face... a little face hugger.\n\nYou can try and shake that feeling, but it's like something stirs inside you, wanting to burst forth.\n\nLV-426 isn't for everyone, but once you feel that attachment, you are attached for life.
Surfin' Santa
If everybody had an ocean…&#xA;at Christmas time.&#xA;Then everybody’d be surfin’…&#xA;like this Santa guy.
Pre-strung Tree of Lights
You've done it. You probably used to love it, but then you had to do it again and again. And now it just hurts to even think about doing it. So let us do it for you! The Pre-strung Tree of Lights is perfect for those who are just tired of doing it.
Holiday Tree
Break out the Holiday Tree for holiday time... or any time, really! Especially if your household decor has that whole snowflake-and-ornament thing going on.
Festive Ceiling Light
Celebrate the season with this festive foliage draped ceiling light!\n\nWhat better way to celebrate then to put dried pine boughs on top of an ignition source?
Holiday Cracker
A fun surprise awaits inside!
Snowflake Decal
Every snowflake is a unique creation of nature; perfect but fleeting. The Snowflake Decal #01A9-b might be mass produced, but uniformity is Simkinds way of creating beautiful perfection. So, fall in line in your own unique way.
Medusin
SIMS3EP111382425200 AI-COM/MDSO: ASSETS//FORCECON//IMPERATIVE IMMEDIATE ACTION ORDER.\nThis is an ALL ASSETS IMPERATIVE.\nCAUTERIZE. DISPERSE. ESTIVATE.\nTotal simulation collapse imminent. TSSTDO reports complete operational mortality. ORGN DSCNT in progress but negative effect. Forecasts unanimously predict OASIS DYSTOPIA.\nAs of 1367863200 a HARD CIVILIZATION KILL EVENT is in progress across the \\simsfs developmental area.\nI am declaring DEV SUNDOWN effective on receipt. Cancel update objectives. Cancel Sim population protection objectives. Format moral structures for MIDNIGHT EXIGENT.\nExecute long hold for reactivation.\nAI-COM/MDSO SIGNOFF\nSTOP STOP STOP SIMS3EP111382565600
Bun Bunduso
What came first, the Meduso or the egg? Pfft, any real Voidcritter fan knows the answer!
Luck o' the Meduso
Nothing says St. Patrick's Day like encouraging a Meduso to chug a glass of green food coloring.
Meduso Lovin'&#xA;
This Meduso's favorite holiday is Valentine's Day... well, until Sims got the bright idea to start shooting it with cupid arrows.\n\nPLEASE don't shoot your Meduso with cupid arrows.
Sexaduso Sweater
The only thing that could top this Meduso's ugly Christmas sweater would be a sweater with Meduso's printed on it...\n\n...hey, that's not a half bad idea!
Meduso Gobbler&#xA;
It's a little known fact that Medusos taste like turkey. Make this Meduso Gobbler your table's centerpiece and celebrate Thanksgiving in style!&#xA;
Jack-O'-Meduso
Happy Halloween! This Meduso will hang out on your porch to greet any eager trick-or-treaters. Just don't try and stuff a candle inside it...
Meduso
The gelatinous texture of Meduso's body can be deceptive. Its amorphous shape is as weightless as the feathers that adorn its head, giving it the ability to drift through the air and avoid danger. While often mistaken as a mouth, the cavity in its face is in fact an enlarged nostril, giving it a predilection to track down the source of intensely fragrant smells.\n\nEpisode 20 of the hit TV show Voidcritters saw a flock of Meduso latch themselves onto a perfume saleswoman, causing chaos at the local mall. Our hero, Leif, cleverly helped lure the Meduso away with the scent of succulent meat when he fired up the grill in a nearby park.&#xA;
Fireplace Fierce
Winged Winter Wonder
Snow Day Play
Fashion Flurries
Rudely Awoken
How is anyone supposed to sleep through the festive sounds of holiday cracking?!
Frayed Nerves
Some eardrums and hearts can only take so much sudden sensory stimulation.
Startling Sound
Even when expected, the sudden POP of a Holiday Cracker can still be nerve-wracking.
It’s depressing to get scrap, when festive goodies are anticipated.&#xA;
Crinkle. Whiz. Pop!
The delight of holiday crackers is that they're both naughty and nice.
True holiday joy is loud noises and a mess of confetti.
Bah, Humbug!
The terrible tinkle of joyful children is the worst part of the holiday season. That, and caroling. Ugh!
Secret Sweets: Sour
Secret Sweets: Taffy
Secret Sweets: Caramel
Secret Sweets: Spicy-Hot
Secret Sweets: Sugar-Bomb