Fido’s Fencepost Cactus
Much more attractive than barbed wire and equally as effective.
Every lawn needs a bush painstakingly trimmed to resemble a llama. Why? Because llamas are awesome, that's why.
Lotta Llama Topiary
Topiary Master’s Elephant
Created by a horticulturist with a deft and steady hand, this marvelous elephant can be admired solo, or placed trunk to tail with others for a grand parade effect.
Starter Hedge
This fine topiary design is ideal for untutored shears. With straight edges, flat sides, and a concealed wire under-carriage, it offers easy upkeep for amateurs and experts alike.
Not-Grass Grass
We made this artificial turf much more convincing by letting it go a bit. The tall, scruffy weeds make it look unquestionably authentic.
Green, Green Grass
This grass always seems greener in someone else’s yard. Just remember, they’re thinking the same thing when they look at yours.
Lily of the Valley - Triangle
Delicate and classic, and extremely poisonous, but perfect for adding curb appeal.
Lily of the Valley - Square
Delicate and classic, and extremely poisonous, but perfect for adding curb appeal.
Lily of the Valley - Curved
Delicate and classic, and extremely poisonous, but perfect for adding curb appeal.
Competition is healthy when reaching for the sun. This plot of sunflowers is cunningly designed, allowing each flower to grow up free of the others’ shadow.
It’s not that you don’t love the others, but the firstborn is always special. This strain of sunflower was cultivated in separate gardens, one at a time, so every single flower can be unique as a firstborn.
Shrub Full of Flowers
Closely related to its cousin, the hedge full of flowers, this shrub &lt;i&gt;also&lt;/i&gt; bears gorgeous flowers sure to brighten your garden.
Regal Rose Bush
Projecting a natural sense of dignity and refinement, this rose bush is fit for a royal garden. Or maybe just your neighbor's side yard. 
Baby’s Bottom Rose Bush
This rose bush is shorter, stouter, and considerably less regal than others. But it's pretty cute, isn't it?
Shaggi-luscious
Developed in the 1970s, the Shaggi-luscious is a hybrid between a chrysanthemum and a daisy. Said to have medicinal qualities, in some cultures, it is enjoyed as a tea when people get tired of looking at it.
Appleblossom - Triangle
Unlock by completing Tier 3 of the Positivity Challenge Aspiration. Only available while challenge is active.
Unlocked by completing Tier 2 Of the Positivity Challenge Aspiration 
Unlock by completing Tier 2 of the Positivity Challenge Aspiration. Only available while challenge is active.
Unlocked by completing Tier 1 Of the Positivity Challenge Aspiration 
Unlock by completing Tier 1 of the Positivity Challenge Aspiration. Only available while challenge is active.
Imagined Landscape
This work of art by Brazilian art team Lanó is inspired by the shapes of nature, as well as textures found in graphics of nature and the environment. 
Still Life
A love so strong it stops time.
Sul Sul
We are not alone.
Epic Wood
A hero will rise with one mission... To decorate her home with nothing but wood. Epic wood!
Malpractice
This flu season, the doctors are IN!
Cop and Llama
A mascot without a team... but a llama with a partner! With these two on the case, the bad guys don't stand a chance. Cop and Llama!
Cow Plant Love
Say &quot;Moooo&quot; you sweet cowplant... &quot;Moooooooo!&quot;
Stay Weirder
He never drinks more than two cups of coffee a day. One New Years Eve, he stayed up until midnight. When the going gets tough, he watches daytime TV. If at first he doesn't succeed, he doesn't try again. He is the most least interesting Sim in the world. He doesn't always eat breakfast, but when he does, he makes pancakes.
It's Amber!
Her name is Amber, she's the girl next door. It's Amber! She's a painter, yeah! She's an artist. She leaves others confused. She's a neat freak. She scrubs toilets right after they're... used? A gamer. A lover. She hacks like no other! She dances to cure the blues. Her name is Amber. Amber. Her name is Amber. That girl next door. Who? Amber!
Tragic Clown
Tragic Clown, Tragic Clown...What have they done to you?\n\nAnother creation by Angelo from his series &quot;Perspectives on Clowns.&quot; This piece showcases the sad lives of clowns that fear that one balloon pop that could end their careers.\n\nIt is rumored that Angelo painted this in honor of his phobia of people wearing heavy makeup, but we think he may have a phobia for balloons as well.
Unlocked at level 5 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
Unlock by reaching level 5 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
Sole Star Athletic Poster
Even though our shoes don't feature prominently in this poster, our marketing team tells us that pictures of famous athletes are the best way to sell products. Prove those marketing geniuses right, and buy some Sole Star Shoes today!
Lovely Moments Family Pictures
Posed portraits and filtered photographs show off a small but treasured selection of your family's past. Whether they're people you've known or places you've been, each image is sure to bring out your sentimental side.
It Takes Two
If you think that challenges are faced better together, then this inspirational poster is for you.
Untitled - Ashley Lukashevsky
This painting was created by artist Ashley Lukashevsky. This piece is the portrayal of the power of an embrace between two people, displaying in a colourful way that their liberations are interlinked as they look out for each other and care for one another. The power of togetherness.
Paradise Falls
If you're ever feeling down... think about taking a trip to Paradise Falls. Aside from a really depressing introduction, it's a pretty up place.
The Sealinicorn, in repose
Is she looking back to the sea, or forward to the horizon? What do you see?\n\nI see sadness... because it's pretty tough to eat, with a giant horn sticking out of your nose.
It Happened
They always said, when it happens, magical things will occur. Well, it happened! Are you feeling majestic?
Grin and Bear it!
Little bears know, when the going gets tough, grab your mama bear for a great big bear hug!
Unlocked at level 8 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Inspirational Mouse Poster
Is there anything more inspiring than a scenic image of an animal captioned with a noun and cheesy slogan? No, really, we want to know!
Unlocked at level 9 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Unlocked at level 9 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Unlocked at level 9 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Unlock by reaching level 9 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Chronos Magazine (Framed Collector's Edition Issue)
Yeah, putting a framed issue of a magazine touting your company's exploits is pretty egotistical... but if your company is making news, you're worth it!
Holiday Glow
Add the warmth and light of the holiday season year-round with this print by artist Holly Daze.
Curiosity is Electrifying Poster
What happens if you take a yellow bulb, put a lightning bolt inside of it, surround it with a red circle, and place it on a poster? We don’t know, but our curiosity is buzzing!
Unlocked at level 4 of the Painter career.
Unlock by reaching level 4 of the Painter career.
Easy-Breezy Easel 
This feather-light easel is a cinch to carry. On breezy days, simply stand back and let the wind do the lifting for you.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Painter career while in the Master of the Real branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Painter career while in the Master of the Real branch.
Deluxe All-Season Easel
This deluxe painter’s easel not only has a telescoping height and ample support for one’s art, it goes with you when you want to paint your favorite field, over and over all year.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Painter career while in the Patron of the Arts branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Painter career while in the Patron of the Arts branch.
The original owner of this antique easel wasn’t sure what to paint. So, he painted his easel. Supposedly, the experience was so gratifying, he went on to paint his entire studio-chairs, table, floor, walls…
Pre-Owned Painter’s Easel