Why is grass so green?
Grassy Clump
A clump of grass.
Pink Flowers
The prettiest flowers in the whole desert.
Extra Large Cactus
This cactus is the Emperor of the desert.
Large Cactus
This cactus is King of the desert.
Small Desert Plant
Medium Cactus
Small Cactus Stalk
Desert Plant
Small Cactus with Flowers
Small Cactus
Cactus Stalks
Aloe Vera Plant
Aloe vera plants grow best in dry climates.
Windowbox of Superiority
A stately, traditional home deserves windows festooned with stately, traditional strands of climbing ivy.
Neighborly Windowbox
An unassuming array of flowers perfect for conducting neighborly conversations about the weather, the new garbageman, and whose toolshed is not up to HOA code. 
Feng Shui Planter
Energize an office or living area with a fresh, jazzy spray of greenery. Place in a southwesterly corner of the room for ultimate energy flow.
Leafy Greens
For the ultimate locavore. Grow a replica of your favorite salad right on your countertop. Warning:  Toxic if ingested.
Frank the Friendly Ficus
Ode to Jazz 5: “Ivory”
Princess Cordelia loved piano most of all. Though she had cut her jazz band adrift during her escape from her kingdom, she continued to ache for their music, and so found herself painting instruments. The piano keys in this tribute seem to arch up toward the light, almost as if lifted by the current. Apt, isn’t it?
Blue for the Blues Wall Painting  
When Princess Cordelia was forced to flee her kingdom, she simply couldn’t fit her beloved musicians on the submersible. This colorful portrait is a tribute to her bass player Martin Maxwell, and somehow made her feel less blue.
Cool Serenade
Rendered in temperate painterly hues, a cool jazz trumpeter plays a sophisticated tune.
Tenor Mood
The silhouette of a saxophonist stands tall in this jazzy piece of art.
Ode to Jazz 4: “Feeling Blue”
When The Great Sloth Invasion forced Princess Cordelia to flee, she simply couldn’t fit everyone on her submersible. But firing her beloved jazz band remained a regret so sharp, she painted a series of pictures to honor them. This wistful silhouette portrays one of her musicians still playing blues in the deep blue (purplish) sea. 
Ode to Jazz 3: “Sea Bass”
Even a submersible as grand as the Eppsilon has its limitations. Princess Cordelia had to cast out many employees, including her beloved jazz band. She longed for their music so deeply that she painted a series of pictures as a tribute. This silhouette portrays bass player Martin Maxwell still playing in the depths of the sea. So poignant! 
Ode to Jazz 2: “Goldentips”
When Princess Cordelia was forced to flee her kingdom, she had to leave her beloved jazz band behind. This wistful silhouette portrays the sax legend Jacob Goldentips still playing in the depths of the sea, which was how the Princess liked to imagine him.
Ode to Jazz 1: “Golden”
One thing Princess Cordelia simply couldn’t fit on her submersible was her beloved jazz band. She so missed the music of her former life that she painted a series of pictures to commemorate it. This lively number was inspired by the sax legend Jacob Goldentips, who was left tragically adrift during The Great Sloth Invasion.
The Primrose Path
Colorful primroses rendered in oil pastels brighten any room. Bonus: no need to water, trim or replace the blossoms as they fade.
Mega Art
Whoever said you can’t teach robots to make art didn’t spend enough time tuning his robots. Our robots can paint a pleasing landscape with brush strokes so precise, you will be able to appreciate their work within a margin of error of plus or minus .007 art appreciation units.
Winsome Growth Chart
Post this growth chart featuring a tottering stack of blocks on the wall of your little one's bedroom and keep track of her vertical progression from baby to teen.
Eyes for Nature Painting
This eye-popping painting celebrates nature in all its glory. Gaze admiringly at its vibrant hues, and it will gaze right back at you.
My House Kid’s Painting
Look what your little artist can do! Or maybe someone else’s. But it may as well be yours, right?
Spuds in Space Potato Print
Countdown to blast-off with this ready-to-hang print! Made by an artist no older than your little one, this rocket shape was carved out of potato, dipped in paint, and then stamped onto construction paper. But you get to enjoy it without all that mess.
Mystery Poser Antique Portrait
No one's quite sure who this is, but does it matter? It's fine art, and it's old, and that's cool, right?
Antiqued Patent Posters
This collection features faithful reproductions of patents for the greatest scientific inventions of all time, including the telescope, wheel, and navel lint remover.
History of the World, Print 3
Hang your intellect on the wall for all your friends to see. This reproduction of an Old World map was hand-painted on aged parchment in an ancient language few can remember-and you’re one of them!
Alpine Peace
This anonymous photograph of conifers on an alpine slope is ideal for giving your home a well-travelled look. And since it's anonymous, you can always take credit.
Slightly Damp Poster
Working out takes motivation--and this poster provides it in spades!
Kick It, Sally Soccer Poster
Show off your passion for soccer with this poster of women’s soccer legend Sally Upstart. As big a name as a female athlete has ever been, she’s kicking doors open for girls like you. Score! 
Chic Shoe Fashion Poster
This high heel in silhouette makes it clear that you know what's hot and what's not.
&quot;Just Justin&quot; Fan Poster
No teenage bedroom is complete without a poster of the latest bad-boy music sensation taped haphazardly to the wall. Rock on.
Henry Puffer Poster
Everyone’s favorite kid wizard has graduated from books to movies and now to your wall! Cast a spell and bewitch your friends with the mystifying power of Henry Puffer.
Teen Idol Poster
An absolute must for any girl with big dreams. Talented, airbrushed, and sooo stylish, she’s everything a girl aspires to be, and more!
The Illustrated Sports Poster
Virtually smell the aroma of overturned dirt and sweaty teenagers with this poster!
Unlocked at level 8 of the Tech Guru career while in the eSport Gamer branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Tech Guru career while in the Gamer branch.
&quot;Revanne&quot; Poster
Emerging from the shadows with no history, no past, and no name. The Mysterious Gamer! A poster commemorating this icon of gaming lore.
Dramatic Cooking Poster
The chef's domain: sweltering, clouded in smoke, heavy with the moans of wait staff. The perfect poster for an aspiring epicurean!
Martian Memories Landscape #3
What a great vacation on Mars that was, whether climbing to the top of an active volcano or lazing on a pristine beach. That was Mars, wasn't it?
Martian Memories Landscape #2
Recall the glaciers and snowcapped mountains from that memorable trip to Mars. Or, maybe not Mars. But somewhere that's memorable.
Martian Memories Landscape #1
Take a trip back to Mars with every glance at this lovely landscape. Red rock canyons, blue sky…. Hmm. Maybe it’s not Mars, but it IS reminiscent, isn’t it?&#xD;&#xA;
Raising a Reader Kids’ Poster
Inspire a love for reading with this cheery kids’ poster. A true breath of fresh air, this artsy poster depicts a garden of books growing strong-just like your child’s IQ will!
Roman Temple Architectural Study
Show off your affinity for architecture with this hand-drawn elevation of a Roman temple. Drawn to scale long after the fall of the noble empire, it has little other use than to glorify your wall.  
Let there be Plumbobs!
Have you ever wondered how many Plumbobs can fit in a painting? Where the giant Plumbob is king, how many do you really see?\n\nThis masterpiece by renowned artist Rombuserat, evokes play and exposes the senses to a minimalist yet thought provoking piece. Perfect for commemorating the Sims' 16th Anniversary! Celebrate with us! 
Plumbosion!
One of these Plumbobs is not like the others\nOne of these Plumbobs is kind of the same\nCan you guess which one of these is not like the others?\nSo many Plumbobs, So little space!
Mochi Booger Parade
Suggestive to some of a crimson zebra and others a sunlit forest, this print adds a dash of color to any modern home. Also doubles as a Rorschach test for friends and visitors.
Treebra Series 4, Print 337