Don't Watch Live Entertainment
Watch Live Entertainment
Watch Live Entertainment
Sims will watch performances on:
Don't View Collectibles
View Collectables
View Collectibles
Don't View Art
View Art
View Art
Sims will view:
Don't Try On Outfits
Try On Outfits
Try On Outfits
Tend Bar
Sims will tend and take paid orders on:
Don't Swim
Swim
Swim
Don't Sleep
Sleep
Sleep
Sims will sleep and nap on or in a large variety of objects, including but not limited to:
Neither Bathe nor Shower
Bathe And Shower
Bathe and Shower
Scrap Crafts
Sims will scrap crafted and in-progress items from:
Don't Sabotage Objects
Sabotage Objects
Sabotage Objects
Sims will sabotage breakable and prankable objects.
Don't Read
Read
Read
Sims will read and use:
Don't Possess Objects
Possess Objects
Possess Objects
Ghost Sims will possess objects.
Don't Play With Toys
Play with Toys
Play With Toys
Don't Play Table Games
Play Table Games
Play Table Games
Don't Play Pub Games
Play Pub Games
Play Pub Games
Don't Play Physical Games
Play Physical Games
Sims will play with:
Don't Play on Playground Equipment
Play on Playground Equipment
Play On Playground Equipment
Child Sims will play with:
Don't Play &lt;i&gt;Don't Wake the Llama&lt;/i&gt;
Play &lt;i&gt;Don't Wake The Llama&lt;/i&gt;
Sims will play Don't Wake the Llama on:
Don't Play Darts
Sims will play darts on:
Don't Play Cards
Play Cards
Play Cards
Sims will play cards on:
Play Don't Wake The Llama
Play Physical Games
Don't Listen to Music
Listen to Music
Listen To Music
Sims will listen to music on:
Play with Infant &amp; Toddler Toys
Infant, toddler, and child Sims will play with:
Drink Bar Drinks
Don't Grill
Grill
Grill
Don't Look for Frogs
Look for Frogs
Look for Frogs
Sims will view frogs and look for frogs in:\n• Ponds
Platforms are found in the Build catalog in the same section as Walls and Rooms. Customize your Platform Trims with options that can be found in the Walls and Empty Rooms Section.
Add a platform to any lot or room by placing one of the platform shapes provided in the catalog. Make a platform taller or sink a platform lower using the new “up” and “down” arrows present in the UI when a platform or room is selected. Platforms that are higher than one stair step need stairs or ladders in order to be accessed by Sims.
Move Whole Lot
The Move Lot tool can be found at the top tool bar under Move Lot and House.\n\nWhen the tool is selected, everything on the lot is grouped together and selected. A context menu provides options to pickup, rotate, and confirm placement.
The &quot;Move Whole Lot&quot; tool allows players to move and rotate the entire contents of a lot. This tool is helpful for lots placed from the Gallery as well as moving houses along any landscape. 
Portions of the lot can be positioned outside the lot boundary. Anything outside the lot boundary is highlighted yellow and will be not be placed. Objects removed from outside placement will be stored in the Household Inventory.
Community (Venue) Sort
In Build Mode, players can easily sort items needed for Venues using Venue Sorting. Under Objects by Function, the default drop down displays all objects that satisfy the specified venue type.
Of course - if you want to just see EVERYTHING - you can do that as well.
Players can also choose to only show Community items.  These objects are not required to be in venues, but are generic Venue items.
Basements
Since basements are set below terrain, you cannot place windows or doors along the outer walls of the basement.  Exterior walls also cannot be deleted.
Basements have a ton of new possibilities!  Create underground labyrinths, or   underground laboratories that are surrounded by pools.
Basements can be placed at ground level by using the Basement tool, or by moving the camera below-ground and placing rooms as normal.
Basements can be placed up to four levels deep. Floors and ceilings can also be removed. In order for Sims to access basements, make sure to place some stairs!
Basements can be placed as functional rooms below terrain level. In Build Mode, the basement tool can be found under Walls and Empty Rooms.
Use the Day/Night indicator to change the lighting in Build Mode in order to view your lot under different lighting conditions. The lighting does not persist when you exit Build Mode.
Once you get going in Build, you will want to familiarize yourself with the various tools that are available to make customizing your home easier. Eyedropper, Sledgehammer, Design Tool, Move House, Select, and Bulldoze Lot… to name a few.\n\nSo dig in, and start building!
Save to Gallery