Playing games with a friend is always more fun!
Have Sims Playing Games at the Same Time
Have Sims Listen to Classical at the Same Time
Sims Listen to the Piano at the Same Time
Have Sims Listen to the Stereo at the Same Time
Nothing is ever black and white, except your very own Black &amp; White Bash! Entertain your friends in high style-black tie or white tie, little black dress or lily-white gown, your guests will be dressed to the nines and ready to party.
Black and White Bash
Birthday parties come but once a year and they are an event that shouldn't be missed! Bring cake, a gift, and a smile. Happy Birthday!
Birthday Party
Event In Progress!
Are you sure that you would like to leave the current event and travel to another lot? All progress toward your goal will be lost.
No one in the household is having their birthday today.
This event always has Goals and Rewards.
There's not much here that interests me, and the sales staff hasn't exactly been accommodating. I'll take my business elsewhere.
I'd like to buy something, but I can't find anything that matches my price range. Do you have anything else that fits my budget?
You cannot save while the Repo Person is actively repossessing.
Oh, fine. If it means that much to you, I'll consider taking something else.
Nope. You should have paid your bills! I'm afraid I have to take this.
Everything looks fixed up and in ship shape. Time for me to go, that will be {0.Money}.
You cannot save while the escort situation is in progress.
This interaction is unavailable because a Sim is being escorted.
You don't seem to have enough cash for this pizza. You can have the pizza, but don't think it's free! A bill for the remaining {1.Money} will be coming your way.
Here's your pizza! That'll be {0.Money}.
You didn't show up to claim your pizza, so I charged you {0.Money} and left it outside for the ants to enjoy.
Always on the Move
Skillful Sims
You and Your Phone
Keep your Sim alive and happy! Complete this quest to earn special potions.
Navigating Needs
Let's make it rain! Complete this quest to earn prize Simoleons!
Scoring Simoleons
Exploring the World
Learn how to travel the world. Complete this quest to earn special potions!
Get to know the town and its people to fully integrate your Sim family in the community.
Friendly Neighbor
Complete this quest to become a key member of the community!
This will end the Dream and will not result in a reward!\n\nYou will not be able to start it again with this family!
Build and play through a multi-generational family inspired by nature.
Family Farm Dream
Complete this quest to raise a multi-generational family!
This will end the Dream and will not result in a reward!\n\nYou will not be able to start it again with this family!
Build a multi-generation Sim family!
Generations Dream
Complete this quest to build a family spanning generations!
Guide a household of Sims to success!
Successful Sims Dream
Complete this quest to build a successful family!
Complete this quest to earn Simoleons.\n\nYou can also use the Trash Can icon to remove the quest if you do not wish to track it.
Optional Dream: Cats &amp; Dogs
Get a furry friend from the &lt;i&gt;Cats &amp; Dogs Expansion Pack&lt;/i&gt; to liven up the household!
View Required Pack
This will end the quest and will not result in a reward!\n\nYou will not be able to start it again with this family!
Fulfill your Sim's ambitions. Complete this quest to earn Satisfaction Points!
Lifelong Aspirations
End Quest
Nevermind
End the Quest?
This will end the Discovery Quest and will not result in a reward!\n\nYou will be able to keep playing your current household and any other active Discovery Quests.\n\nYou can also reset Discovery Quests in the Game Options menu.
Looks like everything is in order. That will be {0.Money} for my services.
Well, looks like our time today has concluded. See you next time! And remember, anything can be fun or good if you make it so.\n\n{0.Money} has been charged.
MTX Test Event
MTX Test Event
I couldn't reach your mailbox, but I managed to throw the mail in there. Good luck getting it back out!
You don't want me anymore? Well, that'll be {0.Money} for today's services.
The Rockin' QA Party
LKG Party
Turns out that the thief had the best intentions. It's time to inform Emit of everything that has been uncovered, so that he can continue his own journey!
The Good Thief
Now that you found the thief, you should try to find out why he did it to begin with.
Hidden Motives
Determined as ever, it's time for the final plan to be put into action.\n\nThe time travel component is installed and activated, and the computer is sufficiently overclocked. It's time to catch a thief!
On the Hunt
With the component in hand, it's time to travel in time! But alas, sometimes when things are running smoothly, that's when it all falls apart.
The Setback
Now that you have discovered the secrets of time travel, you must build a time machine to catch the thief in the act!
Inventing the Past
In order to help Emit, you must discover the secrets of time travel if you ever expect to catch the time-traveling thief.
Echoes of Time
Items have gone missing from the Sims timeline! Help Emit find more information on his hunt for who is responsible.
Missing Clues
A Sim from the past arrives in town with a boom and flash of light. Meet them and find out what's going on.
A Strange Visitor
The mystery of Ambrosia has been uncovered! Time to relax and celebrate.
Fruits of Your Labor
All the work is done, now it's time to cook Ambrosia!
The Moment of Truth
Put the final touches on the skills required for Ambrosia!
Skilled Chef
The second ingredient for Ambrosia is just in reach!
An Inspiring Potion
Continue to build your skills and your relationship with the Grim Reaper!
Flirting with Death
It's time to harvest the rare Death Flower!
Death's Favorite Flower
Continue to grow your skills and your garden!
Learning from the Lady
Fish for the first ingredient needed for Ambrosia!
The First Ingredient
Become Friends with the Grim Reaper and continue to work on skills.
Friends with Death