The rabbit: cute and furry, yet surprisingly austere. Have one such wonder of nature watch over your home, in wooden form.
Craft Bunny Sculpture
Bunny Sculpture
A melancholy piece of wood.
Craft Sad Sculpture
Sad Sculpture
Not all art needs to be so serious.
Craft Playful Sculpture
Playful Sculpture
Tales and legends of lumberjacks are common because there is something about chopping wood and swinging axes that appeals to even the meekest among us. Sculpt a lumberjack and make those legends come to life.
Craft Large Lumberjack Sculpture
Large Lumberjack Sculpture
Bears: ferocious guardians of the forest, these lumbering predators can now stand near your desktop and keep your papers safe.
Craft Large Bear Sculpture
Large Bear Sculpture
Knives: many practical applications. However, there is the possibility of injury. Prevent this by carving a block to store your knives safely.
Craft Knife Block
Knife Block
Horses have always served a vital role in the development of society, whether they were being used for transport or companionship. Keep a wooden one by your side and feel the history emanate from it daily.
Craft Horse Sculpture
Horse Sculpture
If woodwork be the food of love, sculpt on!
Craft Flirty Sculpture
Flirty Sculpture
The elephant: large, yet elegant. Gentle, yet passionate. Full of life, yet - in this instance - wooden.
Craft Elephant Sculpture
Elephant Sculpture
The roar of the majestic dragon fills the air. Take that roar and capture it in the wooden form of the winged and mythic beast.
Craft Dragon Sculpture
Dragon Sculpture
Grr! Arg! Wood!
Craft Angry Sculpture
Angry Sculpture
This hand-crafted dining table is perfect for large gatherings, and its distressed finish will add a rustic charm to every meal. It's not old—it's vintage!
Craft Reclaimed Wood Dining Table
Reclaimed Wood Dining Table
Is this wood locally-sourced?
Vegetarian-Safe.\n\nPlantains are nearly universal in Latin America. They can be prepared in so many styles: boiled, grilled, fried, or baked. This preparation on the grill is a favorite for its simplicity and nice charred flavor, however don't mind if we load them up with crumbled queso palmita.
Grill Plantains
Grilled Plantains
There’s nothing like a baked spud stuffed with melty toppings to warm your heart, and stomach after a long day adventuring in the great outdoors.\n\nVegetarian-Safe, Lactose Free.
Grill Campfire Spudz
Campfire Spudz
Grill Krabby Patty
Time to be the best fry cook just like SpongeBob! Prepare yourself to learn the sacred and dark secrets of how to prepare your very own Krabby Patty! Just be sure to keep it safe, especially from Plankton!
Grill Krabby Patty
Krabby Patty
Vegetarian-Safe.\n\nElotes are the classic and ever-popular Mexican corn on the cob charred on the grill. This mouth-watering dish is served usually with condiments such as salt, chili powder, butter, cheese, lemon juice or lime juice, mayonnaise, and sour cream (or crema). You can find these in street vendors or in restaurants, but wherever you do, it will be an instant favorite.
Grill Elote
Elote
The Choripán as a name comes from the combination of the names of its ingredients: a grilled chorizo sausage and a crusty bread (in Spanish called pan) such as a baguette, or francés. For some it might be just a sandwich, but it is more than that... it is almost part of the culinary identity for various countries in South America, specially Argentina. Commonly served during an Asado and street vendors, Choripanes have become one of the most sought out street food.
Grill Choripán
Choripán
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be. These are instant crowd pleasers for their taste and visually inviting appeal as they are pretty colourful. Usually made with grilled peppers, onions, chicken, and of course a herby chimichurri sauce, this recipe is a new classic on the grill.
Grill Chicken Chimichurri Skewers
Chicken Chimichurri Skewers
Commonly called Chimi Burger, Dominican Burger, or just Chimi/Chimichurris - Chimichurris is made from ground pork or beef, grilled and served on a pan de agua and garnished with chopped cabbage, of course, you cannot forget the Salsa golf. Each vendor throughout the Dominican Republic has its own recipe; flavors and ingredients can substantially vary the texture and taste, so we recommend trying a few to see which is your favorite.
Grill Chimi
Chimi
Grill Chicken
Grilled Chicken
Asado for some is a technique, but it can also be an event in itself when it comes to barbeque in various South American countries. An asado usually consists of beef, pork, chicken, chorizo, and morcilla which are cooked on a grill, or an open fire. A personal favorite is some beef and Guasacaca (an avocado based sauce from Venezuela). Buen provecho!
Grill Asado
Asado
In Native American tradition, &quot;the three sisters&quot; are corn, beans, and squash. They grow best together in the same plot. The eldest sister, corn, provides a strong foundation for the beans to climb. The beans enrich the soil with nitrogen. The youngest sister, squash, covers the ground, protecting all of their roots.\n\nVegetarian-safe, Lactose free\n
Grill a Pot of Three Sisters Chili
Three Sisters Chili
Rummaged Salad
Rummaged By: {0.SimName}
Single Serving
Serve Garden Salad
Cook Galbi-jjim
Also known as Kalbi Jjim / Galbi-jjim (갈비찜), this dish is typically served during the festive holidays such as Korean lunar new years' day (seollal) and harvest festival days (chuseok), or a special occasion such as a birthday or at a wedding. Whatever the occasion, it can definitely be one of the highlight dishes.\n\nIf you enjoy stews or braised meat dishes, this one is a must. The tenderness of the beef short ribs with the amazing sticky, sweet - and salty sauce - makes for a fantastic dish that warms the heart.\n\nLactose Free
Serve Galbi-jjim
Galbi-jjim
Serve Boiling Frog Hot Pot
Grill a Pot of Boiling Frog Hot Pot
A slow boil seals the fate of succulent, wild-caught frogs. A fiery, frog-blood broth, infused with green peppercorn, ginger, and chili, fills a Sim with amphibian zeal.\n\nLactose Free
Boiling Frog Hot Pot
The essence of comfort food, this delectable dish is crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside. Besides being mouth-wateringly delicious, it’s history on a plate! Preparing fried fish is a tradition carried on at Juneteenth cookouts, a US summer holiday which celebrates Black freedom, heritage, and family. Fried fish is typically paired with grilled corn, coleslaw, and cornbread for a delicious, well rounded meal.\n\nLactose Free 
Make Fried Fish Plate
Fried Fish Plate
Serve Fried Fish Plate
Cook French Toast
Serve French Toast
Serve Forager's Stew
Grill a Pot of Forager's Stew
A thick, hearty stew made from gathered vegetables, fruits, herbs, and weeds. A low simmer extracts nutrients out of any plant you can grow or find. Must supply 2 or more harvestables.\n\nVegetarian-Safe, Lactose Free
Forager's Stew
Make Fish Tacos
Serve Fish Tacos
Fish Tacos
Requires a fresh fish. Skewered on a stick, burnt to a crispy perfection, and then served with a much-needed lemon wedge.\n\nLactose Free
Prepare Fish on a Stick
Fish on a Stick
Cook Fish and Chips
Serve Fish and Chips
Fish and Chips
Cook Eggs and Toast
Serve Eggs and Toast