Looking for Love
Still single? No worry! Find your next flame at the Nightclub, Lounge, or Gym to burn off some pent-up energy. 
Revel in Romance
This romantic locale is perfect for singles and those looking to rekindle their love.
Level up your Romance Skill
Strong Attraction with Turn-Ons and Turn-Offs
Match with single Sims on Cupid's Corner
Plan hotter dates
Peel back the veil to uncover the secret to fuller Sim lives and beyond in The Sims™ 4 Life &amp; Death Expansion Pack.
Life &amp; Death
Life &amp; Death
Ravenwood
Things always get a little spooky in Ravenwood. The Whispering Glen with its nightly Moon Revelry festivities is perhaps the most &quot;normal&quot; part of the area, where locals have settled down for a slice of quiet, country life. Crow's Crossing village, however, is clearly quite haunted—swings swaying by themselves, that Merchant fellow down by the Crypt, scary little Edith guarding the Well of Longing and Regret…but despite the hauntings, the living have certainly made it their home as well with a variety of festivals and places to explore. Mourningvale is where things get extra ethereal! It's well known as a home for Ghosts and those seeking them. Sometimes Grim even stops by!
Chilling Collections
Stop by the Collector Signs in any of the three neighborhoods, explore a Crypt, discover the secrets of the Tarot Tome Shrines, or check out the eerie ruins of Whispering Glen.
Memorial Sites
Crypts, Cemeteries, the Afterlife Anonymous meeting, and little consoling Specters! Ravenwood is the perfect place to lift the spirits.
Ghosts &amp; Grim
Want some Ghosts? Mourningvale is a literal ghost town, and Crow's Crossing village is clearly haunted! Soak in the spooky during Ravenwood's many festivals, become a temporary Ghost by taking a dip in the Baleful Bog, and possibly even run into Grim himself.
A Town Worth Haunting
Friendly or Fiendish?
Goodbye (For Now)
A Ghastly, Gorgeous Life
An Endless Journey
Escape the ordinary and enjoy a laid-back lifestyle!
Island Living
Play with The Sims™ 4 Island Living!
Here is a list of some of the experiences you can have during your trial of Island Living:\n\n&lt;ul type=&quot;circle&quot;&gt;&lt;li&gt;Befriend a Dolphin or a Mermaid&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Lounge in stylish beach wear or don't and do an Odd Job here and there&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Make sure your Mermaid Sims are hydrated... hydration is key!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Become a Conservationist and help clean up the beach&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Watch out for those sun rays, sunburns can be the worst!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Collect Seashells and participate in Island Events&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Flirt at the beach bonfire or host a Kava party!&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;
Island Living
Sulani
Local Culture
Meet new friends and learn about local culture at various local events in Ohan’ali Town
Ocean Activities
Sulani’s crisp ocean waters are your aquatic haven for Swimming, Snorkeling, or making a dolphin friend!
Active Volcano!
Get up close and personal with Sulani’s active volcano! Or admire it safely from afar...
Rock the Island Vibes
Engage in Local Culture
Pitch In or Help Out
Sit Back and Relax
Every home is full of unrealized potential, and only you can take it from drab to fab.
Dream Home Decorator
Dream Home Decorator
Get Ready for the Big Reveal
Renovate, Redecorate, Remodel
Get to Know Your Clients
Dazzling at Parties
Indulge Together
Sip tea in sunlight while surrounded by elegant décor and close friends with The Sims™ 4 Tea Time Solarium Kit.
Tea Time Solarium
Tea Time Solarium
Tasteful &amp; Tasty
Gatherings in Glass
Say “I do” to your dream wedding.
My Wedding Stories
My Wedding Stories
Tartosa
Romantic sites and scenery have long graced the seaside region of Tartosa, creating the perfect setting for love and matrimonial pursuits. It isn't uncommon for vacationers and honeymooners alike to return year after year, seeking to re-experience the intimacy of visits past. They say there's a love story in the making for everyone. Just ask Tartosa's residents, and they'll excitedly gossip about local Wedding Industry shenanigans or the area's love-laced, historical past. But even if a Sim doesn't find their soulmate here, one thing is for certain... they're fated to fall in love with the land. 
Local History
Word travels fast through Tartosa's Grapevine, and myths and legends about the area's history abound.
Romantic Sights
Romance lofts through Tartosa's air, and there's always a new adventure to be had at one of the area's various romantic sites!
Village Square
Visit Porto Luminoso's various shops and market stalls. Just don't forget to try the world-famous fruit tarts!
Unique Celebrations
Bring Your Vision to Life
Tie the Knot
Prep to Party
Dine Out
Dine Out
Upgrade your Sim’s makeup collection with The Sims™ 4 Essential Glam Kit.
Essential Glam
Essential Glam
Tailored Glamour
Romantic Garden
Romantic Garden Stuff
Grab your yarn and knitting needles—in The Sims™ 4 Nifty Knitting Stuff Pack, Sims can craft their own clothes, toys, and knittable home decor!
Nifty Knitting
Surround new additions to the family with the elegance they deserve in The Sims™ 4 Storybook Nursery Kit.
Storybook Nursery
Storybook Nursery
A Legacy of Elegance
A Touch of Whimsy
Live surrounded by the magic of nature in The Sims™ 4 Enchanted by Nature Expansion Pack.
Enchanted by Nature
Enchanted by Nature
Innisgreen
The enchanting isle of Innisgreen is renowned for its natural beauty and vibrant communities. Sims from afar are drawn to the idyllic Sprucederry Grove, where Foraging is abundant and life flourishes in harmony with nature. In the mystical forest of Everdew, the pursuit of Fairy life and relationships offers enchanted experiences. Adventure awaits at the Coast of Adhmor, where the isle's rich history and secrets unfold through its engaging residents and monuments. Innisgreen is celebrated for its development of the Apothecary skill, attracting Sims eager to pursue careers in Naturopathy and holistic practices.
An Enchanting World
From the forested Everdew to the Coast of Adhmor, delight and discovery await in the special landmarks, plants, and stories of this world.
Healing Haven
Tap into natural healing and self-care through a strong local connection with Apothecary arts.
Bohemian Lifestyle
Embrace the bohemian lifestyle in picturesque landscapes, where all Sims can learn to live comfortably off the land.
A Land of Enchantment
A Balanced Lifestyle
The Fairest Folk
Life Among the Trees
The kitchen is the hub of family life – so make yours look lived-in with The Sims™ 4 Kitchen Clutter Kit.
Kitchen Clutter