Nom de Plume Quill Pen
Any self-respecting writer would be tickled to receive the Nom de Plume-and now you have it! (If you’re not feeling tickled, lean in closer. It works!)
Unlocked at level 6 of the Writer career while in the Author branch.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Writer career while in the Author branch.
Antique Tomes
These antique leather-bound tomes are proof you’re earning your place in Literary History. Breathe in their fabulous musty odor-it’s the scent of true fame.
Unlocked by completing a date at gold level.
Unlock by completing a Date at Gold level.
VIP Bucket
Nice! You’re getting the red carpet treatment now.
Unlocked by completing a wedding at silver level or higher.
Unlock by completing a Wedding Social Event at Silver level or higher.
In Full Bloom Centerpiece
Accept this sweet-smelling centerpiece as recognition that your talents have blossomed.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Entertainer career while in the Music branch.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Entertainer career while in the Music branch.
Off the Charts Music Award
Bravo-your prodigious talent has earned you an Off the Charts Music Award! Get out your fancy garb and start writing that acceptance speech.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Criminal career while in the Boss branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Criminal career while in the Boss branch.
Bars of Gold
These are the kind of bars you love to get behind-and now they are yours, all yours.
Unlocked at level 3 of the Criminal career.
Unlock by reaching level 3 of the Criminal career.
Duffel o’ Cash
Your knack for no-good deeds hasn’t gone unnoticed. Take this as a quiet acknowledgment, while everyone looks the other way.
Unlocked at level 3 of the Tech Guru career.
Unlock by reaching level 3 of the Tech Guru career.
Computer Hard Drive
You’ve got your hands on a computer hard drive-and not just any computer hard drive. Do with it what you will, no questions asked.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Entertainer career while in the Comedy branch.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Entertainer career while in the Comedy branch.
You’ve Got Talent Award
Your potential for stardom has reached new heights! This not-so-humble award is proof at last: you’ve got what it takes. Now run with it.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Tech Guru career.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Tech Guru career.
Innovator’s Award for Excellence in Science
Your engineering prowess has been recognized by the entire scientific community! Place this somewhere prominent, in case people haven’t heard about it.
Unlocked at level 4 of the Astronaut career.
Unlock by reaching level 4 of the Astronaut career.
Star Seeker Original Blueprints
Wow! The original blueprints for the Star Seeker 1001. Time to get busy.
Unlocked at level 2 of the Criminal career.
Unlock by reaching level 2 of the Criminal career.
Emblems of Espionage
Every self-respecting spy needs gadgets-and inside knowledge into a mysterious master plan. Of course, you can’t exactly leave the tools of this particular trade lying about, but it can help to impress persons of, well, personal interest.
Unlocked at level 2 of the Entertainer career.
Unlock by reaching level 2 of the Entertainer career.
Porcu-Pro Business Card Holder
Keep your most important contacts at your fingertips, and show ’em off a bit while you’re at it.
Unlocked at level 3 of the Astronaut career.
Unlock by reaching level 3 of the Astronaut career
Astro Model Rocket
Have a blast with this super-stellar miniature, featuring working lights and realistic rocket sounds! The perfect choice for aspiring astronauts everywhere.
Royal Crabtree Tea Set
Princess Cordelia adored crabs almost as much as she adored tea. Nothing was more delightful than seeing them dart about the tide pools in mortal fear of gulls! The Princess designed this tea set to capture the crab’s alacrity. She was working on a version that actually scuttled off, but the plans blew away while she was sipping tea.
Captain Chaz MacFreeling’s Galleon
Princess Cordelia’s 2nd pirate boyfriend, Captain Chaz MacFreeling, was as vain about his galleon as he was about his looks. He commissioned Princess Cordelia’s staff to carve him a replica, but he spent so much time gazing at it, she had it smashed to bits. This is a replica of the replica, rebuilt in astonishing detail by contemporary artisans.
Sea Captain’s Clock
It’s easy to lose track of time on a submersible, so Princess Cordelia designed this clock to create some order in her days. Unfortunately, it was still impossible to tell day from night, so she gave up and fed it to a kraken. Today, land-dwelling collectors find it much more useful.
Unlocked at level 6 of the Culinary career while in the Mixologist branch.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Culinary career while in the Mixologist branch.
Captain Rodrigo de Pablo Cask
Princess Cordelia’s 3rd pirate boyfriend, Captain Rodrigo De Pablo, suffered many injuries aboard the Eppsilon. Once, while fleeing a kraken, the hatch slammed shut on his feet, and he couldn’t stand for weeks. The Princess designed this cask while nursing her sweetheart back to health. With it she could quench his bottomless thirst whilst he lay prone beneath it.
Princess Cordelia Royal Bust
Before the Great Sloth Invasion, Princess Cordelia was said to have brilliant prospects. Princes came from miles around just to have tea with her. Of course, we know today that the Princess had a thing for pirates, but we still created this stunning bust to remind us how she would have looked to prince and pirate alike. 
Mega Vase
We’ve instructed the robots at the MegaMission Furniture Warehouse to construct hundreds of different objects, but this is one they actually came up with on their own! Made with our proprietary synth-plant polymer.
Tiny Globe
Nothing says “antique” like the least efficient form of map ever devised by man: the globe! We considered showing all of the continents merged together as Pangaea just to give it that extra, old-fashioned edge but it didn’t test as well. Built by nanobots!
Mega Couple Of Books
People always ask us how to make their MegaMission furniture look well-used without having to interact with it at all. We always recommend that they place the Mega Couple Of Books on their table or desk. It tells people, “Hey, reading is a thing I do, and I often do it around this location!”
Ìtura Cushion
The Ìtura Cushion, with its soothing natural tones, familiar patterns, and plush interior, transforms any space into a relaxing retreat. Perfect for any seating area or bed, it's an effortless way to add personality to your home.
The Coach Tabby Bag
The Coach Tabby Bag is an icon for a reason. Timeless, but always on trend, it’s designed to complement all the expressions of your style - however you’re feeling today.
The Coach Brooklyn Bag
The Coach Brooklyn Bag is an easy, elegant daily driver. Its clean lines and modern design allow your personal style to shine through brighter than ever.
Always Has A Snack-Bag
At school, at home, or on the go, this little lunch bag has something for everyone. The insulated interior and front zippered compartment have plenty of space for a cold drink or yummy bite.
Challah Loaves
These rich loaves of braided bread are resting and waiting to be enjoyed. Save them for a community or family gathering, or devour them all by yourself with some delicious salts, jam, or honey.
Bow, Bow, Bow!
It’s that time of the year when a simple decoration can change your feelings and make you feel merry. Take a bow, take a whole bunch, place them on your tables, counters, coffee tables, even on the floor. Then ask yourself: what immortal art could twist what were once plain ribbons with such magnificent elegance to turn them into these awesome symmetries? Now put your heart at rest: they’re just bows, after all. But still, they are sublime in their simplicity and decorative presence. You need them, you want them: Your house will never be the same without them.
Holiday Fruit Cake
This is like a fruit cake, but more than a fruit cake: It’s a holiday fruit cake. Take some fruit, take some cake, take that irresistible smell of winter holidays and that spirit of the season that makes hearts merry, natural enemies… friends, and the happy, happier! Mix them all together and serve it hot... Or cold… Well, room temperature is fine, as well. You will be able to enjoy it at any temperature, any time you want to feel the holiday season spirit. It's also reported to be quite good and tasty.
Cake with Style
Some people like cakes because they have a sweet tooth, some for what cakes represent. And some like how cakes are presented. Presentation is paramount, after all. Serve your holiday cakes with style and preserve them with elegance with this sophisticated tray. Simple but gorgeous, this tray will add the touch of elegance your cakes need: they will look better, feel fresher, they will even taste better! Your kitchen and dining room will sparkle with holiday style. You can even put it in the bedroom if you dare.
Unlock by reaching level 6 of the Criminal career while in the Boss branch.
Stolen ATM
Stealing someone's wallet is peanuts. Stealing an entire ATM is an accomplishment. Give yourself a hand.
Unlocked at level 10 of the Secret Agent career while in the Villain branch.
Unlock by reaching level 10 of the Secret Agent career while in the Villain branch.
Our Founder Statue
The ultimate villain, rendered larger than life in as a statue of a grumpy old man disapproving of all he surveys.
Unlocked at level 8 of the Astronaut career while in the Space Ranger branch.
Unlock by reaching level 8 of the Astronaut career while in the Space Ranger branch.
Build Your Own Rocket Kit
You'll be over the moon for this small jet engine kit. Some assembly required.
Unlocked by completing a gold or silver tier costume party