Listen to Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen Deeply. Sims who are Music Lovers can perform this interaction.
Listen Deeply to Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select R&amp;B.
Listen to R&amp;B
Listen to Nature Soundscapes
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Carnival Beats.
Listen to Carnival Beats Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select World.
Listen to World Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Winter Holiday.
Listen to Winter Holiday Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select S-Pop.
Listen to SPop Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Spooky.
Listen to Spooky Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Romance.
Listen to Romance Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Retro.
Listen to Retro Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Pop.
Listen to Pop Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Lullabies Radio.
Listen to Lullabies Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Kids Radio.
Listen to Kid's Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Hip Hop.
Listen to Hip Hop Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Electronica.
Listen to Electronica Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Classical.
Listen to Classical Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Blues.
Listen to Blues Music
Click on a Stereo and select Listen to... then select Alternative.
Listen to Alternative Music
Click on the Bonfire and select Light.
Light a Bonfire
Click on the Mailbox and select License Song. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Violin Skill and writing a song on the Violin.
License a Violin Song
Click on the Mailbox and select License Song. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Piano Skill and writing a song on the Piano.
License a Piano Song
License a Guitar Song
Have your Sim perform any skill-building activities to level up a skill.
Level up a Skill
Find your Sim a cozy bed or couch to nap in.
Take a Nap
Kiss {2.SimFirstName}
Click on a Sim and select Kiss from the Romantic category. 
Kiss Someone
Click on the Garbage Can and select Kick.
Select Find a Job from the Phone or Computer. Choose a job from the given list.
Join Astronaut Career
Click on the Piano and select Play Concerto. This interaction can be unlocked by increasing out the Piano Skill.
Play a Piano Concerto
Click on a Guitar and select Jam. Sims can unlock this Interaction by increasing their Guitar skill.
Jam on the Guitar
Perform a Comedy Routine
Click on the Microphone and select Improvise a Comedy Routine. Sims can unlock this interaction by increasing their Comedy Skill.
Improvise a Comedy Routine
Click on a Refrigerator or Microwave and select any related option about making a Meal. Or click on any food object and select Eat.
Keep Hunger Motive High for 6 Hours
Embrace {2.SimFirstName}
Click on a Sim and select Embrace from the Romantic category.
Hug Someone
Click on a Hot Tub and select Upgrade. Upgrade Parts can be purchased from a Computer
Upgrade a Hot Tub to be Unbreakable
Click on a Hot Tub and Select Upgrade. Upgrade Parts can be purchased from a Computer.
Upgrade a Hot Tub with a Stereo
Click on a Hot Tub and Select Upgrade. Upgrade Parts can be purchased from a Computer.
Upgrade a Hot Tub to have Aromatherapy
Select your Sim's phone, click on the Social app, then select Plan a Social Event! Fill out all of the required roles, make sure your Sim is the host, select a location, and click Start!
Host a Party
Click on the Homework and select Do Extra Credit Work. Sims can unlock this interaction by being an A or B Student and completing Homework.
Click on the Homework and select Do Extra Credit Work. Sims can unlock this interaction by being an A or B Student and completing Homework.
Click on the Homework and select Do Homework. Don't forget to check your Sim's inventory!
Click on the Homework and select Do Make Up Homework. Don't forget to check your Sim's inventory!
Finish Make Up Homework
Click on the Homework and select Do Extra Credit Work. Sims can unlock this interaction by being an A or B Student and completing Homework.
Finish Extra Credit
Click on the Homework and select Do Homework. Don't forget to check your Sim's inventory!
Finish Homework
Click on {2.SimFirstName} and select the Hold Hands social from under the Romance category.
Hold Hands With {2.SimFirstName}
Click on a Sim and select Hip Bump from the Friendly category. Sims can perform this Social while Energized.
Hip Bump Someone!
Click on a Bed and select Hide from Everyone. Sims can perform this interaction while Embarrassed.
Click on the Refrigerator, select Cook a Gourmet Meal, and select the recipe from the list.
Prepare Butternut Gnocchi
Click on the Refrigerator, select Cook a Gourmet Meal, and select the recipe from the list.
Prepare Baked Alaska
Click on the Refrigerator, select Cook, and select a recipe from the list.
Bake Apple Pie
Travel to the Library by pulling up the World Map and clicking on the Venue. Once there, click on the Computer and select a topic to Research under the Web category. Sims can unlock new topics to Research by increasing specific Skills!
Click on the Computer and select a topic to Research under the Web category. Sims can unlock new topics to Research by increasing specific Skills!
Research on the Computer
Click on the Computer, select Comedy, and select Compose Medium Comedy Routine.
Compose a Medium Comedy Routine
Click on the Computer, select Comedy, and select Compose Long Comedy Routine.
Compose a Long Comedy Routine