MegaMission Furniture Warehouse knows you've been searching for that toddler high chair to match your perfectly antiqued furniture set. These chairs are made of easily cleaned wood and a strip of colored leather, so that no matter how messy your toddler eats it will come off.
Fine Toddler Eatery
A higher quality chair made for those particularly hard to please home decorators. No, you don't have to compromise with your style choices simply because you have a toddler in your house.
Sitting Pretty White Chair
Covered in the same luxurious, yet truly stain-repellant fabric as our White All Night Dining Table, this grand, high-backed chair is perfect for dining, sipping, chatting, and resting.
Mallorca Teak Picnic Chair
This teak folding chair may not be the most comfortable outdoor seating option but it's certainly one of the most handsome.
Canary Outdoor Dining Chair
The perfect outdoor seating for casual elegance in gorgeous teak.
Barely Cushy Tushy Chair
For the minimalist who aspires to a life of comfort, this modern dining chair adds just a smidge of padding where it’s appreciated most.
Sooner or Ladder Contemporary Dining Chair
Why have three rungs when two will do fine? The epitome of minimalist practicality, this simple sitter gets the job done.
Unlocked at level 2 of the Secret Agent career.
Unlock by reaching level 2 of the Secret Agent career.
The Swiveler
The ultimate chair from which to decipher malevolent machinations, the Swiveler is a must-have throne for any covert operative.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Astronaut career.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Astronaut career.
Salyut Aeronaut Chair
Astronauts require both comfort and security in their seating. This space-age chair provides both.
Captain Rodrigo de Pablo Dining Chair
Princess Cordelia’s 3rd pirate boyfriend, Captain Rodrigo De Pablo, was very accident-prone. Once, both of his feet were severely burned as he stepped over a steam vent. After that, he sat a lot and thus wanted very comfortable seating. Being Cordelia’s favorite boyfriend, he was gifted this padded chair from her.
Arrrmed Dining Chair
Princess Cordelia’s 2nd pirate boyfriend, Captain Chaz MacFreeling, had perpetually tired arms. Due to his vanity, he was always taking out his gold mirror, holding it up to his face and blowing kisses. He commissioned Princess Cordelia to make him this armed dining chair so he could rest during meals. When she dumped him, she kept the chair.
Arrrmless Dining Chair
In order to seat her remaining courtiers in the tight quarters of her submersible, Princess Cordelia crafted a dining set without any arms. Look closely, however, and you’ll notice the attention she paid to the legs, exquisitely carved to mimic tentacles. Captivating!
Mega Dining Chair
Did you know that antique furniture can be hundreds of years old? Who’s got time to wait around for that?! For the freshest antiques on the market, you have to visit the MegaMission Furniture Warehouse. Buy one of our gorgeous antique dining chairs today, and we’ll guarantee it was an oak tree two days ago!
Hewn from half-rotted firewood and slapped together with oversized nails, this rustic dining chair was inspired by the tale of a little girl in a cottage full of bears. But you can enjoy it in total safety!
Kindermade Chair
The Kindermade Chair is the perfect complement to our Knowledge Console desk, but it’s also a superb stand-alone piece. It really ties a room together! Of course kids don’t care about that kind of thing, but you can tell the other parents.
Cavill Dining Chair
You will never meet a more handsome chair than this. And the chair knows it. Don't be surprised if you find this chair admiring its scrollwork  in the mirror. Vanity, thy name is chair.
Termagant Dining Chair
Daringly modern dining room furnishing, or replica dunking chair? You decide.
Saught Drafting Chair
This stern office chair eschews the mere fripperies of ergonomic comfort. You will suffer and you will like it.
Joliette Desk Chair
Molded plastic was never yet so comfortable nor so colorful. 
Country Cottage Dining Chair
&quot;The Boss&quot; Executive Desk Chair
A leather-lined overstuffed office chair with full back and armrests that cradles your body while maintaining an appropriately imposing silhouette.
Hercynian Dining Chair
Like the sinister park bench from a gloom-ridden forest, only indoors and at your dining room table.
Embrace Chair
The Embrace is similar to our Caress Chair, only with little arms that reach out and hug you! What should be a very simple chair will surprise you with its intricate carvings. But don’t be alarmed - it’s just a little secret between you and the chair.
Caress Chair
At what point do chairs go beyond relaxing the body and begin to relax the mind? At Countryside Caress, we call that point the Caress Chair. For the full experience, sit all the way back and stuff yourself with your favorite comfort food.
Supersonic Dining Chair
No matter how simple your meal, your time spent sitting around the dinner table will be out of this world with this sleek seat.
Intelligence Desk Chair
Some pieces of furniture can't simply be aesthetically pleasing. They seem imbued with some special quality. In this case, this desk chair may not actually make you more intelligent, but it'll make you look it.
The Commissioner
We are all of us united by our primal need to consume. We are driven by the desire to interact with our fellows. Mealtimes present us with the unique opportunity to do both. Satisfy your primal instincts with such class and elegance you’ll forget you’re sitting on trash. The Commissioner dining chair, by Reclamation Homeware.
Brock Metal Dining Chair
Calm, cool, and collected, this metal dining chair softens its industrial profile with an extra-soft cushion to cradle your fleshy underside.
Chaise Magnifique
Sit the light fantastique whether out on the town or in the comfort of your own backyard with this chic café chair.
Reclaimed Wood Dining Chair
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;From the Nature's Calling Event&lt;/font&gt;\n\nIs this wood locally-sourced?
The Greatest Gift Chair
&lt;font color= '#199C2C'&gt;Designed By: heyHarrie&lt;/font&gt;\n\nIf you have a friend with less than ample seating in their home, what better gift to give than that of a chair. It might be a tad passive aggressive, but one might argue that its outright aggressive to host guests in a seating-challenged home, forcing friends to scrounge like pigeons for a place to perch. Don't let your derriere despair: gift a chair!
La Silla De La Mesa De Familia - Dining Chair
At first glance it is maybe not the most comfortable looking chair, but this chair is the best chair to spend family days, and everything in between. This chair will be part of every celebration, every conversation, and probably be the subject of discord every time your mom yells across the home saying &quot;Pero why don't you bring back the chair after you use it!?&quot; - Ahem... yeah those times too.\n\nJust remember to put it back, vale?
The Professional
Working isn't always glamorous, except when having to work sitting in this chair!\n\nBe your most fabulously productive self with this elegantly crafted chair, The Professional is here to take you through your day to day tasks, even your downtime.
Moon-Gazing Chair
&lt;i&gt;This chair was granted for the New Lunar Year of the Pig, starting in February 2019.&lt;/i&gt;\n\nSit around the Shadow of the Moon Table, and gaze with amazement at the delicious feast set before you, with steam rising like a finger pointing away to the moon. Don't concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.
I Ran So Far Away Chair
No matter where you go, no matter how far you run… the I Ran So Far Away chair is ready to caress your cares away. So sit, don't run, and just relax.
Fly your colors high, and display your pride with a flag that celebrates sexual orientation!
Pride Flag - Gender Identity
Fly your colors high, and display your pride with a flag that celebrates gender identities!
Pride Flag
Fly your colors high, and display your pride!
Unlocked the first time a Sim maxed out the performance meter in the Freelancer career as a Freelance Artist.
Unlock by maxing out the performance meter in the Freelancer career as a Freelance Artist for the first time.
Unlocked the first time a Sim maxed out the performance meter in any trade within the Freelancer career.
Unlock by maxing out the performance meter in any trade within the Freelancer career for the first time.
Supreme Freelancer Award
Celebrate your accomplishments! Display it proudly!\n\nCelebrate being your own boss, on your own terms, no matter the trade!
Better As A Pair Of Paintings
Why have one trendy pattern and style when you can have two?! Choose from different designs and patterns that wonderfully complement each other.\n\nNo walls need to be damaged with nails or adhesives, these are leaning paintings! They go against any wall you desire, have them in a new location every week, every day if so desired!
Flower of the Dead
“I think the deceased like flowers, because their noses have nothing better to do… now that they don’t need to drink coffee.” - Olive Specter
Tetraptych Wall Hanging
Lay upon the wall in four,\nSkulls, butterfly, birds to adore.\nHanging for the dead I knew,\nUntil my turn to visit you.
Festive Wall Light Extra Long
Light up your walls with these festive lights! Available in Extra Long, Long, Standard and Short.
Festive Wall Light Long
Light up your walls with these festive lights! Available in Extra Long, Long, Standard and Short.
Festive Wall Light Standard
Light up your walls with these festive lights! Available in Extra Long, Long, Standard and Short.
Festive Wall Light Short
Light up your walls with these festive lights! Available in Extra Long, Long, Standard and Short.
Aging Up
It's hard to keep up with all the changes when children are learning and growing each day. But never fear, they'll be moody teenagers before you know it.
Unlocked at level 7 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Unlock by reaching level 7 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.