Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Writer career while in the Journalist branch.
The Newsroom
Unlocked at level 10 of the Writer career while in the Author branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Writer career while in the Author branch.
Writer's Den
Unlocked at level 10 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Tech Guru career while in the Start-up branch.
The HQ
Unlocked at level 10 of the Tech Guru career while in the eSport Gamer branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Tech Guru career while in the eSport Gamer branch.
The Game Room
Unlocked at level 10 of the Secret Agent career while in the Villain branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Secret Agent career while in the Villain branch.
Heart Of Darkness
Unlocked at level 10 of the Secret Agent career while in the Diamond Agent branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Secret Agent career while in the Diamond Agent branch.
The InvisiRoom
Unlocked at level 10 of the Painter career while in the Patron of the Arts branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Painter career while in the Patron of the Arts branch.
Collector's Studio
Unlocked at level 10 of the Painter career while in the Master of the Real branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Painter career while in the Master of the Real branch.
Space to Create
Unlocked at level 10 of the Entertainer career while in the Music branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Entertainer career while in the Music branch.
Rehearsal Room 
Unlocked at level 10 of the Entertainer career while in the Comedy branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Entertainer career while in the Comedy branch.
The Joke Starts Here
Unlocked at level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Chef branch.
Commercial Kitchen
Unlocked at level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Mixologist branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Culinary career while in the Mixologist branch.
Nectar Bar
Unlocked at level 10 of the Criminal career while in the Oracle branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Criminal career while in the Oracle branch.
Deconstruction Room 
Unlocked at level 10 of the Criminal career while in the Boss branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Criminal career while in the Boss branch.
Capo's Quarters
Unlocked at level 10 of the Business career while in the Management branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Business career while in the Management branch.
Elegant Executive's Chambers
Unlocked at level 10 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Business career while in the Investor branch.
Modern Day Money-Maker Suite
Unlocked at level 10 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Athlete career while in the Body Builder branch.
Pump-Up Palace
Unlocked at level 10 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Athlete career while in the Professional Athlete branch.
Pro Jock's Retreat
Unlocked at level 10 of the Astronaut career while in the Space Ranger branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Astronaut career while in the Space Ranger branch.
Heroic Deeds Headquarters
Unlocked at level 10 of the Astronaut career while in the Interstellar Smuggler branch.
Unlock this room by reaching level 10 of the Astronaut career while in the Interstellar Smuggler branch.
Traffic Control Room
To The Moon (Toddler)
To The Moon (Infant)
To The Moon (Newborn)
Sleep Mission: Possible (Toddler)
Sleep Mission: Possible (Infant)
Cloudy with a Chance of Toddlers
Cloudy with a Chance of Infants
Cloudy with a Chance of Newborns
Rock-a-Bye Bedroom
Room to Think
In Case Of Company
Linoleum Dream
Eating Essentials
Snooze Cruise Control
Bare Necessities
Aluminum Allure
Tonight: Vampiric Energy Regeneration
Vampiric Energy Regeneration
Unbind this Voodoo Doll from its current victim.
A deceased Sim cannot be summoned, even using Voodoo.
You shouldn't interrupt Sims who are currently working!
The Voodoo Doll can only be bound to nearby, non-Child Sims.
Bind this simple doll to another Sim using its magic to control the bounded Sim's Emotions.
Can't use a Voodoo Doll on a Sim who is not currently on the lot. Summon the Sim instead.
The Voodoo Doll has been bound to {2.SimName}.
Off to Scout Meeting
Off at Scout Meeting
{0.SimFirstName} is currently volunteering. {M0.His}{F0.Her} supervisor may not think well of {0.SimPronounObjective} skipping this.\n\nAre you sure {M0.he}{F0.she} should?
Serenade
Listen
Bring To Tears
Practice
Being Inspired improves violin playing!
Practice
This violin is specially built and sized to be used by children.
Play
This is a standard-sized violin and cannot be played by children.
Serenade
There are no Sims nearby to bring to tears.
Bring to Tears
(From Liking Violins)