Work hard and play hard with animal friends, ranch hands, and your own stretch of land in The Sims™ 4 Horse Ranch!
Horse Ranch
Horse Ranch
Chestnut Ridge
This community formed when several groups embraced their mutual connection to Horses and the land. The area soon became known as a hub for all things Equestrian: a town steeped in expertise with raising and training Horses, set against a beautiful and expansive landscape. Over time, the area became famous for another endeavor, as the rich soil brought in the new enterprise of Nectar Making. Thanks to the hard work of everyone involved, the region flourished and became the Chestnut Ridge it is today.
Rare Fishing Spots
Find incredible fishing spots with some of the rarest fish you'll ever catch in your life! There's no better place to cast out a line and let yourself relax and unwind from the hustle and bustle of daily life.
Go Horseback Riding
The trails in Galloping Gulch offer incredible views and sweeping vistas. Take your horse out and enjoy the sights and sounds, find places to camp and light a fire, or spend the night hunting for the mysterious ghost horse that haunts the park.
Explore Dreadhorse Caverns
Located in the southwestern corner of Galloping Gulch quietly nestled beneath some trees, &lt;B&gt;Dreadhorse Caverns&lt;/B&gt; is a vast cave full of bats, bears, and giant spiders! Dance battle your way down further and further into the abyss! Solve riddles, collecting rare reward items, and find the underground land of the unicorns! How deep can you go?
Design a soft and playful bedroom that’s perfect for daydreaming with The Sims™ 4 Pastel Pop Kit!
Pastel Pop
Pastel Pop
Blast From the Past
Avant Basic
Delight in the quaint charm of Cottage Living with animal friends, garden-to-table meals, and a close-knit community.
Cottage Living
Cottage Living
Henford-on-Bagley
From the natural beauty of Cordelia Falls to the clear, brisk currents of the River Bagley, the mingling of earth and water makes Henford-on-Bagley a lovely place to visit but perhaps an even lovelier place to live. Villagers here connect with the history of the land while finding friendship in the the furry and feathery creatures that inhabit the woods. So what if the average neighbor is a little more gossipy? You couldn't ask for a better place to grow, tend, and nurture a more natural life.
Weekly Fair
Enter the weekly fair for a chance to prove that your animal, produce, or cooking is the cream of the crop
A Cozy Village
The small but lively village of Finchwick is home to friendly locals and shop stalls
Ramble the Bramblewood
Gather mushrooms, befriend wild rabbits and birds, enjoy the ruins, and stop by Sophie the Snail in these lush woods
Enjoy the Simple Living
Live Off the Land
Raise or Befriend Animals
Embrace the Countryside
Dress for a night to remember with The Sims™ 4 Moonlight Chic Kit*, inspired by Parisian creator Paola Locatelli. 
Moonlight Chic
Moonlight Chic
Timeless Romance
Modern Parisian Style
Create a variety of cats and dogs, add them to your Sims’ homes to forever change their lives, and care for neighborhood pets as a veterinarian.
Cats &amp; Dogs
Cats &amp; Dogs
Brindleton Bay
Whiskerman's Wharf
Come for the sea breeze, chowder, and lobster rolls. Stay for the cuddly local kitties
Lighthouse
Deadgrass Isle has the most creative spot for couples looking to spice up their love life
The Best Dog Walking Paths
For a trip that will truly impress your pup, nothing beats Cavalier Cove’s sandy dog walking paths
From ordinary to extraordinary.
Blooming Rooms
Blooming Rooms
Mix charming prairie fashion and vintage pieces with The Sims™ 4 Prairie Dreams Kit.
Prairie Dreams
Prairie Dreams
Embrace the Prairie Life
Transform your Sim’s kitchen into the most charming part of their home!
Country Kitchen
Country Kitchen
Make it Homey
Cook in Comfort
Dress Elder Sims in relaxed, practical styles tailored just for them with The Sims™ 4 Golden Years Kit.
Golden Years
Golden Years
For Golden Lifestyles
Designed for Aging Sims
Bask in the rustic scenery surrounding your secluded, peaceful pool with The Sims™ 4 Riviera Retreat Kit. 
Riviera Retreat
Riviera Retreat
Natural Charm
Alone at Last
Kids Room
Kids Room Stuff
Movie Hangout
Movie Hangout Stuff
Set the Mood
Turn heads at the pool with bright and playful swimwear from The Sims™ 4 Poolside Splash Kit. 
Poolside Splash
Poolside Splash
Aquatic Accessories
Vivacious and Vibrant
Transform your outdoor dining area into a rustic retreat where homegrown harvests are the cornerstone of meal time with The Sims™ 4 Garden to Table Kit.
Garden to Table
Garden to Table
Earthy and Naturally Inviting
Elevate any basic living room to instantly inspirational with expressive, eclectic pieces.
Décor to the Max
Décor to the Max
Play with Patterns and Color
Maximize your Self-Expression
Slip into Comfort
Backyard
Backyard Stuff
Strut boldly into the now with iconic styles from The Sims™ 4 Urban Homage Kit. 
Urban Homage
Customize hoofed friends in Create a Sim or get new Horses by rescuing, purchasing, or breeding! Learn the Riding Skill and train Horses in Temperament, Agility, and Jumping Skills to compete at the Equestrian Center.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 Tea Time Solarium Kit
Tasteful &amp; Tasty
An elegant tea party requires a beautiful space, good conversation, and – of course – tea, as well as other refreshments. This collection features a delicate tea set and treat tray that are both functional and lovely to look at, as well as a new banquet table.
Gatherings in Glass
Design a social space that is not quite outside, yet separate from the bustle of your house. With windowed walls, a flowering trellis, and a discrete rock-shaped speaker, you can craft the perfect spot to spill the tea with friends.
Welcome to The Sims™ 4 SpongeBob Kid's Room Kit
Fandom Fashion