Fun Sounds
{0.SimFirstName} is curious what those funky sounds are coming out of this nice looking box. Whatever it is, it's making {M0.his}{F0.her} toes tap for some reason.
Actual Anger
This Smart Speaker is so frustrating! There's nothing artificial about how angry I'm feeling right now!
Smart Speaker Sadness
Why doesn't it listen to me?! It's just a Smart Speaker! Surely I'm the smarter one...
News Briefing
Nothing like hearing personalized news to get one motivated for a new day!
Got Joke from an AI
The intelligence might be artificial, but the humor is definitely the real deal.
Artificial Affirmation?
I know it's not coming from a real person, but maybe this AI has emotions. I certainly feel great now!
Insulted by an AI?!
There was nothing artificial about that burn! I can't believe I'm so mad at something that lives in a microchip.
Computerized Compliment
That compliment computes within my heart.
Fancy Soap
The sink dispenses soap automatically. That's wondrous!
Your breath is so fresh right now! Still, try to refrain from breathing directly into other Sims' faces. 
Brackish Water
Open Showers
It's uhh... very open here, and everyone can see everything.
Horrible Shower
That cheap shower felt like it was spitting hail, not soothing water. 
A great shower really makes all the difference. Ready to take on the world!
So Fresh, So Clean
Adding those new advanced massaging jets might be the greatest decision you've ever made.
Poseidon's Touch
Pure. Standing. Aquatic. Bliss.
Feelin' Steamy
A hot and steamy shower makes you feel so good!
Shower Inspiration
The shower is a great place to let your thoughts wander.
DO NOT DISTURB
Brisk Shower
A quick shower can be super refreshing!
Uncomfy
Ow. This feels like sitting on rocks.
So Comfy!
Lazy Sims love cozy places to sit!
Comfy
Now that's comfort. Makes a Sim want to sit all day long.
Rock Steady
In a rocking chair the world seems clearer, your thoughts slow down, and the gentle movement soothes the soul.
Remembered The Sad Times
Every life is a journey through the valleys of joy and sorrow. It's hard to forget the sad times...
It's nice to remember to happy times every once and awhile. 
Remembered That Super Embarrassing Thing
UGH! What a gruesome experience. Why is it that unpleasant memories from years past linger, but something nice like what was for breakfast is long gone?
Remembered That Really Awful Thing
That day was the catalyst for &lt;b&gt;everything&lt;/b&gt; horrible in life.
Remembered The Good Times
Chess Champion
Some things come easier when you're smart. One such thing is annihilating opponents at the chess table.
Chess Victor
Nothing comes easy in life, including a victory at the chess table. Take pride in your feat.
Mental Workout
Studying chess moves makes you a better player, works out your brain, and sharpens your focus.
Good Game! 
This game is super fun when you're winning!
Winner, Winner, Chicken Dinner
You're a regular card shark. Or is it card sharp? Maybe a sharp shark? Who knows!?
Win Some, Lose Some
Of course this time you lost, but you're opting into the whole &quot;we're all winners here&quot; way of thinking.
Sore Loser
Hot-headed Sims can't stand it when they lose!
You're Better Than That
No one can beat you but yourself. Yourself and apparently that other Sim.
Clever Play
One can focus easily with clever play in a game of cards!
Bugged in the Restroom
Bugs are flying around everywhere in the restroom. Eww!
Mmmmmmm, Smore
The perfect combination of marshmallow, chocolate, and graham crackers. Yum!
Mmmmm, Marshmallow
Nothing better than golden-brown, perfectly toasted marshmallows!
Cozy Campfire
Cozying up near a campfire is such a warm and wonderful feeling.
Burnt Arm
Ouch! Shouldn't try that again...
Mentally Stimulating Read
What fascinating things you've read lately!
Inspired by Literature
Leafing through these books has filled {0.SimFirstName} with ideas.
Playful Pruning
{0.SimFirstName} is delighted after seeing a cheerful Bonsai shape practically spring to life.
Stirring Shape
If a plant can represent the Sim genome, anything is possible.
Leafy Respite
Reflecting on the time that went into shaping a Bonsai bush is oddly soothing.
Flirty from Foliage
Just looking at the sultry sweep of Bonsai branches has put {0.SimFirstName} into a fertile frame of mind.
Botched Bummer
{0.SimFirstName} cannot help but be depressed from viewing a botched Bonsai shape.
Angered by Agriculture
Something about seeing that leafy shape has left {0.SimFirstName} feeling irrationally irate.
One With The Plant
With focused mindfulness, the line between Sim and plant blurs until there is only floral nirvana.
Burnt Rubbish
Yech! Someone is burning food that has gone somewhere south of cheese.